Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=3435919



All promo codes for Pokémon Go in April 2023


There's practically no reason to skip out on free items.


When Pokémon Go first came out, it was mostly the atmosphere of the game and everyone’s ever-lasting dream of becoming the best trainer in the world that made it one of the most popular mobile games soon after its launch.


Though the initial hype wave came to an end at some point, the game still boasts a considerably high number of active players. It even broke its player count record from the summer of 2016 in 2018.


From events to new game modes, Niantic has been working hard to keep up the quality content. There is still a lot to discover within the Pokémon universe and there have also been collaborations with real-life brands. When these result in new items getting added to the game, trainers usually obtain them through the in-game shop, attending the in-person events, or using promo codes.


Promo codes come and go, meaning they eventually expire and more gets introduced with more events rolling out. Not all promo codes will feature the same rewards. Some will offer cool cosmetics, while others may be filled with in-game supplies like Poké Balls and berries.


Here are all the working promo codes in Pokémon Go.


Working promo codes in Pokémon Go (April 3)


Pokémon Go currently has an on-going collaboration with Amazon Prime Gaming. Amazon Prime subscribers get to unlock in-game bundles that contains Pokéballs, Max Revives, Golden Razz Berries, Star Pieces, or Lucky Eggs. To receive the redeem code, you’ll need to log into your Amazon account on Prime Gaming and click on Claim Now.


Expired Pokémon Go promo codes



  
WRGUZRVKRR2M3: Unlock a World Championships 2022 T-Shirt.



  
53HHNL3RTLXMPYFP – Receive 10 Poké Balls, 10 Pinap Berries, and an Incense

  
LRQEV2VZ59UDA – Receive 30 Poké Balls, an Incense, and a Lucky Egg

  
E9K4SY77F5623 – Receive 10 Poké Balls



  
KUAXZBJUTP3B7 – Get a Galaxy A Series Outfit

  
LRQEV2VZ59UDA – Get two Verizon Jackets, and a Verizon Mask



  
53HHNL3RTLXMPYFP – Get10 Poké Balls, 10 Pinap-berries, and an Incense

  
SWHPH9Z4EMZN7 – Get 30 Poké Balls, an Incense, and a Lucky Egg

  
E9K4SY77F5623 – Get 10 Poké Balls



  
RWQNL567S5SP7VTL – Ed Sheeran Sweatshirt

  
VVM87WGMMUZHTB8X – Ed Sheeran Sweatshirt



  
E9K4SY77F5623 – Redeem for 10 Poké Balls

  
GXSD5CJ556NHG – Get North Face x Gucci Avatar Items

  
DJTLEKBK2G5EK – Receive 20 Ultra Balls, 10 Pinap Berries, 10 Stickers, a Star Piece

  
TRFJVYZVVV8R4 – Receive 30 Ultra Balls, 10 Max Revive, and a Lucky Egg




How can you redeem codes in Pokémon Go?


If you’re on an Android device, you can redeem promo codes by going through the following steps:



  
Launch Pokémon Go.

  
Click on the Poké Ball button at the bottom.

  
Select the Shop icon in the middle and scroll down to the bottom.

  
As you reach the bottom of the patch, you’ll see the “Promos” section.

  
Click on Redeem after entering the code, and the rewards should instantly be delivered to your account.




While the method above works for some iPhone/iPad users, the Redeem section has been missing for a decent chunk of the player base. You’ll need to visit the official redeem website for Pokémon Go and enter your code thereafter logging into your accounts. If you’ve logged into Niantic Labs with your account before, you may automatically skip the sign-in process.


This article includes affiliate links, which may provide small compensation to Dot Esports.


Pokemon Go Codes July 2022


The Pokemon Go promo codes were first added to the game in May, 2017. Please note that the Pokemon Go Promo Codes page was last updated in July 2022.


This page will contain any Pokemon Go promo codes that are currently active. Unfortunately, due to legal limitations on the apple store, Promo Codes are only available on Android devices.


How to Enter Pokemon Go Promo Codes


When playing Pokemon Go on an android phone or device, go to the shop in-game, and scroll down to the very bottom of the page, where this is a space to enter Promo Codes. This space does not exist on other devices running Pokemon Go.


Niantic also sends out Pokemon Go promo codes to inactive players to get them back in the game. It is not proven the exact amount of time before they will send one.


How to Get Pokemon Go Promo Codes


Currently, there are very few ways to obtain Pokemon Go Promo Codes. Despite what you may hear, Pokemon Go Promo Codes cannot be shared in almost all instances. The only two confirmed ways are by Sprint offers (which are no longer used), and email offers sent to inactive players - however, it is not known how long a player must be inactive to receive a code, or how long the code is active for.


If playing on an Android Device, be sure to select "Email me events, offers, and updates" in your settings. This will allow Pokemon Go to email you with Promo Codes if it detects you haven't played in a while.


Another alternative to receiving Promo Codes is to make friends by sharing Friend Codes. You can trade and give gifts to get items that will let you earn Pokeballs and other gear for free!


Pokemon Go TCG


On July 1st, 2022, the Pokemon TCG released a collaboration collection with Niantic for an all-new TCG set expansion.


Redeeming the codes in Pokemon Go included in this TCG expansion will grant players items such as stickers, berries, revives, potions, egg incubators, TMs, or Rare Candy.


Current Active Pokemon Go Promo codes 


There are currently no Pokemon Go promo codes available for the general public. All codes that are sent via email are tied to that user's account.
