Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=4538377



Alarm Clock Xtreme


Alarm Clock Xtreme Free is an alarm app for Android developed by AVG, which has a nice array of options, as far as alarms or wake-up calls go.


Among the principal benefits of Alarm Clock Xtreme Free is the option to set a song from our music library, a predefined sound, or any random song. You can also set the alarm to sound normally or with the volume gradually increasing so you can wake up less abruptly.


Other options of Alarm Clock Xtreme Free include the ability to set a mathematical formula to postpone or snooze the alarm, or simply to vibrate the device. You can also personalize Alarm Clock Xtreme Free by choosing the color of the interface.


Alarm Clock Xtreme Free is an excellent alarm for Android devices and includes loads of features for everyone who has to wake up early every day.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information

 Package Name com.alarmclock.xtreme.free  License Free  Op. System Android    Category General  Language English

ASUS - ZenTalk 


Auto-suggest helps you quickly narrow down your search results by suggesting possible matches as you type.



  
Subscribe to RSS Feed

  
Mark Topic as New

  
Mark Topic as Read

  
Float this Topic for Current User

  
Bookmark

  
Subscribe

  
Mute

  
Printer Friendly Page





  
Mark as New

  
Bookmark

  
Subscribe

  
Mute

  
Subscribe to RSS Feed

  
Permalink

  
Print

  
Report Inappropriate Content




Hi! 
As the subject says, my prefered alarm app "alarm clock xtreme pro" only shows up in the notifications, when the alarm starts. So I have to pull down the notification bar and then stop/snooze the alarm. 
Are there any other users facing this problem? It's really odd, when you have to do this every morning to stop the alarm so I switched to the build-in alarm function for now. But I really like to have my paid app back working again. 
I had that problem with android9 as well, so I think it is a ZenUI problem.
