Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=3456657



Download HACKER MOD – Among Us (NEW role)


The new Hacker MOD for Among Us allows us to enjoy a new role that will be randomly assigned to one of the impostors, and which will have the special ability to acquire additional information in the administration panel and vitals.


What does the HACKER MOD add in Among Us?


The additional information that can be obtained by the new Hacker role will only be available when the Hacker activates the special ability, for a period of time. These are the additional data you will be able to get:



  
In the admin table: you will be able to see the colors of the players

  
In the vitals: you can see how many seconds ago a person died.




They are not extremely powerful abilities, but if the Hacker is attentive he will be able to obtain very valuable information that will make him win the game.


Download HACKER MOD for Among Us


This MOD can be downloaded along with many others in The Other Roles MOD Pack, which we recommend for creating modded games of Among Us with your friends.


Among us hacker mode


Crewmates work together to complete tasks before one or more Impostors can kill everyone aboard.


Recent Game Updates


Get official merch


Kid’s Choice Award for Favorite Video Game


The Game Award for Best Multiplayer Game


The Game Award for Best Mobile Game


Mobile Game Awards for Best Indie Developer


Webby Breakout of the Year Award


Golden Joysticks Breakthrough Award


App Store 2021 Award for Trend of the Year: Connection


GAME PLAY SCREENSHOTS


How to Play


Prepare for departure but beware the Impostor! Play with 4-15 players online or via local WiFi as you attempt to hold your spaceship together and survive , but be careful. One or more random players among the crew are Impostors bent on killing everyone!


Objective: Fill the group task bar or eject the Impostors


Complete all the tasks on the ship or eject Impostors to win.


Call emergency meetings if you see any dead bodies or suspicious behavior.


Check the Admin map and Security cameras to keep tabs on other Crewmates.


React quickly to undo the Impostor’s sabotages.


Make sure you have your alibi ready in case you’re falsely accused.


Vote to eject suspected Impostors. Hope you guessed correctly!


Objective: Kill off the crew


Kill Crewmates and frame innocent bystanders.


Pretend to do tasks to blend in with the Crewmates.


Sneak through the vents to quickly move around.


Sabotage tasks to cause chaos and confuse the crew.


Close doors to trap victims and kill in private.


Do everything you can to convince the crew that you’re one of them.
