Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7186692



Angry Birds Journey


Join an all-new Angry Birds game full of fun puzzles and delightful destruction! Use the slingshot to blast blocks as you adventure through fantastic worlds. Test your skills and help the famous flock find all of the Egg Wonders before the pigs!


Follow us!


Like Angry Birds Journey on Facebook and and follow us on Instagram to get the latest news, updates, and info on the birds’ new slingshot adventure, and join the community of fans on a mission to save the Egg Wonders.


Save the Egg Wonders in an all-new Angry Birds adventure!


The famous flock takes off on a new journey.


Discover the Egg Wonders.


The race is on to discover the Egg Wonders. These mysterious artefacts are the key to saving birdkind – but not if the pigs find them first!


Slingshot Shenanigans.


The birds are back with their trusty slingshot in tow. Aim and fling birds to blast blocks and topple the piggies in the most streamlined and satisfying Angry Birds game to date.


The great chase is on!


Ride along with the quirky Angry Birds characters in a journey that takes the birds to the far reaches of the Angry Birds world. Let’s go!


Angry Birds Wiki


Hello, and welcome to the Angry Birds Wiki! A place where you could find or share information about the Angry Birds and Bad Piggies series. Before editing, take note of the following:



  
You can go to our Community Portal to get a quick start about us and what you can do to help!

  
Please read our Rules and Edit Manual before you begin editing.

  
Please read our Forum guidelines before you begin posting.

  
Per our image policy, any non-official or non-Angry Birds/Bad Piggies images must be added to said user's profile page, or else they may be deleted. If you are the artist yourself, you must select the "I created this image myself" ( > template ) option when uploading.

  
Please make sure you do not post fanon material in our mainspace articles. For more info, go here.

  
Click here to create your userpage. Add some Userboxes to tell everyone about yourself!

  
Got any questions? Feel free to contact an administrator or a moderator for help.

  
Go to our "About" section on our home page to learn more about the wiki.




The Angry Birds Wiki is happy to welcome you to the community and happy editing!


Angry Birds Journey 


Angry Birds Journey


Staff


Developer(s)


Publisher(s)


Artist(s)


Overview


Series


Engine(s)


Release date(s)



  
March 5, 2020 (first soft-launch; US, Finland, Poland, Sweden and Switzerland) [1]

  
January 14th, 2021 (second soft-launch; same regions, along with Denmark and Canada)

  
August 2021 (United Kingdom) [2]

  
January 20th 2022 (worldwide) [3]




Price


Latest version (version history)


Genre(s)


Rating


Platform(s)


System requirements


Number of levels


Angry Birds Journey (previously known as Angry Birds Casual) is a slingshot puzzle game developed by Rovio Entertainment. It is the twenty-fourth game in the expanded mainline series, and the eleventh mobile game to use the slingshot gameplay style. Despite this, the game's mechanics base itself on the more recent tile-matching games, such as Angry Birds Match and Angry Birds Dream Blast. The birds act more like moves to the player, with the characters being provided in a random sequence. In addition to pigs, the birds' goal was originally to only free encaged hatchlings, who sometimes have missions tied to them (getting their containers to the bottom of the stage or to the top), but when rebranded to Journey, the main goal changed back to popping Pigs (however some levels still have the goals of freeing hatchlings). Also, the levels are not replayable, thus meaning that the stars are removed.


Contents


History


Journey was soft-launched as Angry Birds Casual in the US, Finland, Poland and Sweden on Apple's App Store in March 2020. [4] It was pulled from the App Store in December of that year, due to the game getting rebranded as Angry Birds Journey with the reason being that Casual was more of an "internal code-name" for its style of gameplay and was changed when the game had "enough shape". [5] The game would later release in the same set of regions, along with Denmark and Canada, on January 14, 2021. [6] The new version of the game was set in a different, more tribal location, featured more pigs in the levels, and introduced the plot of a Minion Pig stealing an ancient egg that Red had found. On December 9, 2021, it was confirmed on the official Angry Birds Facebook pages that the game would be made available worldwide soon.


Gameplay


The game is a slingshot game, in which the players have to drag the rubber of the slingshot with the bird and aim it at the target, which are Caged Hatchlings. There are various unlockable characters and are again in "cute" style, based on a lot of Angry Birds Dream Blast features and graphics. Some of the birds have changed abilities from previous games. Also, these abilities are activated upon the birds' impact on blocks.


There is an Anger Meter that fills up by breaking blocks. Once it fills up, you can activate it to make the next bird bigger and stronger. Furthermore, if you win levels on a streak, you get additional power ups at the beginning of each level (One bird after the first and second win; two birds after the third and fourth win; three birds after the fifth win and onward).


The level status indicator.


There are sections for each level just like in Angry Birds 2, now called "checkpoints". Each level has quests, like the Match games, such as freeing Hatchlings on jam, popping pigs, etc.


Each level has a predefined amount of birds you can launch. For each launch you are given one random bird. To win the game, you have to clear all the checkpoints before you run out of birds. You have to pay 950 coins if you run out of birds; otherwise you lose the level.


There is the Sun Bar, where you fill it with Sun Tokens to get the Sun chest while your first and second rewards are 40 and 60 coins. The Sun Chest has 140 coins, infinite lives for 30 minutes and a powerup.


The Star Chest is unlocked every time you get 20 stars (pass 20 levels) to open it. It contains a new profile picture, 420 coins and a new puzzle piece to add to the plot image on main screen.


Checkpoints


Similar to Angry Birds 2, each level is divided into several stages, now called "checkpoints". Each level consists of three to five checkpoints. At each checkpoint the player has to clear all the goals of that checkpoint in order to proceed to the next checkpoint. The player wins the level after clearing all goals of the final checkpoint.


Each checkpoint has one to three types of goals the player must collect. See the #Goals section below.


Goals


There are several types of goals to be collected by players during gameplay: [7] 


The hatchling needs to be released from the ice block by using the light source and the mirrors to melt the ice. To allow the light to travel through the mirrors you will need to make sure there are no blocks in the route.


While this item itself is not a level goal, it can however contain one! The boxes can contain different items, ranging from regular building blocks to TNT, extra birds, or level goals.


Boosters


During gameplay, players may use boosters to aid them complete the levels.


Boosters can be earned from reward chests, from in-level purchases, or from the bundles in the Store. [8] 


There are three types of boosters:


 
  Chilling Wind This booster changes all the building blocks into glass.   Duckling Rain This booster causes a rainstorm of small ducklings that damage the blocks.   Flower Sprouts This booster causes a plethora of flowers to sprout from the ground, throwing the blocks up and damaging them.  



Lands


There are total of eight lands in Angry Birds Journey.



  
Ancient Ruins (2 scenes, levels 1-160)

  
Crystal Clouds (2 scenes, levels 161-320)

  
Starry Desert (4 scenes, levels 321-640)

  
Sleepy Meadows (4 scenes, levels 641-960)

  
Sacred Springs (4 scenes, levels 961-1280)

  
Rocky Canyons (4 scenes, levels 1281-1600)

  
Icy Caverns (4 scenes, levels 1601-1920)




After the main lands, there is a bonus land:


Characters


(in order of appearance in the levels)



  
The "Angry Birds Journey - Stolen Egg" trailer was the Gold Winner for the "Game Advertising & Design – Digital AD (Single)" category at the NYX Game awards in November 2021. [9]

  
In version 2.0 of the APK, in the string path (com.rovio.abcasual\assets) is a text file called "desc.txt", which says the following:





AK: Do not delete the folder (StreamingAssets) of this file. The folder is required in the Wwise Unity Integration to avoid DirectoryNotFoundException on Unity Editor for Windows when there is no such a folder in the active Unity project.
