Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7652602



Apex Launcher


Apex Launcher is a launcher for Android that is loaded with interesting features that let you customize your home screen on devices with Android 4.4 and up.


The features that this app makes available for you include 9 customizable home screens you can rotate between, a dock with enough space for seven icons, infinite scroll anywhere on your device, different transition effects between one screen and another, and the possibility to hide certain elements such as the status bar or even the dock.


Besides all that, you can also customize icons and folders, organize apps in different folders following different criteria, and customize gestures to use on the screen. You'll have dozens of features at your disposal for your Android device.


Apex Launcher is a good customization tool for your device. It offers many possibilities to customize your mobile phone. It might not be the most elegant launcher you can find, but it is still very functional.


Requirements (Latest version)


Frequent questions


How do I use Apex Launcher?


Apex Launcher is very easy to use. Once installed, your device will ask if you want to use it, and from there, you will have a series of customization options to adapt it to meet your needs.


What does a launcher like Apex Launcher do?


Apex Launcher increases the number of customization options on your Android device. In general, launchers offer a different visual configuration from the default on your device.


How do I hide apps with Apex Launcher?


If you want to delete apps from the Home screen with Apex Launcher, just tap and hold for several options to appear. If you are on the Home screen, just select Remove. But the app will remain available.


Is Apex Launcher a free app?


Apex Launcher has two versions: one free, one paid. The free version offers many customization options, but ads will appear when you use them. The paid version does not show ads, and you will have access to premium content.


More information


Apex launcher download


Эта игра включает в себя необязательные внутриигровые покупки виртуальной валюты, которую можно использовать для приобретения виртуальных внутриигровых предметов, в том числе случайной подборки виртуальных игровых предметов.


Выберите платформу:


Apex Legends доступна бесплатно на PlayStation®4, PlayStation®5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X|S, Nintendo Switch и ПК через EA app и Steam. Выберите платформу, загрузите игру и приготовьтесь ворваться на арену.


* Могут потребоваться учётная запись на соответствующей платформе и подписка платформы (продаётся отдельно). Требуются постоянное подключение к Интернету и учётная запись EA. Действуют возрастные ограничения. Эта игра включает в себя необязательные внутриигровые покупки виртуальной валюты, которую можно использовать для приобретения виртуальных внутриигровых предметов, в том числе случайной подборки виртуальных игровых предметов. 


Главная Информация Легенды Вопросы и ответы Сведения о ПК Новости Медиа Форумы Играйте бесплатно* twitter instagram twitch facebook youtube     


Просмотр игр Информация Поддержка Магазин в EA app Специальные возможности Австрия Бельгия Болгария Хорватия Кипр Чехия Дания Эстония Финляндия Франция Германия Греция Венгрия Исландия Ирландия Италия Латвия Лихтенштейн Литва Люксембург Мальта Нидерланды Норвегия Польша Португалия Румыния Словения Испания Швеция Швейцария United States United Kingdom Australia Deutschland España France Italia Polska Россия Brasil Mexico 日本 대한민국 繁體中文 العربية Юридическая информация и конфиденциальность Пользовательское соглашение Правила соблюдения конфиденциальности информации и идентификации пользователя (ваша конфиденциальность)
