Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=5342562



Messenger Lite: Free Calls Messages for Android


Messenger Lite is a free messaging app aimed at users in developing countries who may have problems with lower internet speeds and limited availability of high specification phones.


Due to Messenger Lite being a substantially stripped-down version of Facebook Messenger, it can run on older versions of Android and works seamlessly even on 2G networks.


What’s the difference between Messenger and Messenger Lite?


Messenger Lite is an official client developed by Facebook that leaves out many of Messenger’s functions to save data and processing power.


With Messenger Lite, the emphasis is on messaging and calling, so you don’t get the full raft of features. For example, there’s no group calling and no animation on stickers received.


This also means that Messenger Lite has a much simpler UI than the full version.


What does Messenger Lite do?


You can still message, call, and video chat with Messenger Lite—these are core features of most messaging apps.


However, the way in which this app handles these functions is different. For example, when a photo is received, it’s not downloaded until you tap on it. Until then, you get a thumbnail preview. This way, you can have a peep at what’s been sent and choose not to download it until you’re on a Wi-Fi connection.


Can Messenger Lite send files?


Yes, you can send and receive all the usual media types. To make the process faster and to reduce the amount of data used, Messenger Lite compresses file sizes.


Does Messenger Lite have video calling?


Yes, it does. Video calling is one of Messenger's core functions, so Facebook has left it intact in Messenger Lite.


Is Messenger Lite secure?


It’s not as secure as the full version, which is because Messenger Lite doesn’t have the Secret Conversations feature with end-to-end encryption with your messages.


Our take


Messenger Lite delivers what it promises—a lightweight app that uses 60% less installation memory on your device. The reduced feature set also means that it will run smoothly on a 2G network.


Should you download it?


Yes. If you have an older phone with a lower spec and less memory, or poor internet connection, Messenger Lite is a fast and data-efficient messaging app. If security is more important to you than having a lightweight app, and you’d like to move away from the Facebook ecosystem, check out Telegram and Signal, which are great alternatives.



  
Uses 60% less storage than Messenger

  
Uses less data

  
Works well even on 2G networks





  
No end-to-end encryption of messages

  
Marketplace messages are shown in the general conversation history




Messenger Lite


An official Facebook messaging client that's a whole lot lighter


Latest version


Messenger Lite is an official client developed by Facebook for its well-known instant messaging service. The biggest draw is that this client takes up much less space than the standard version, occupying a little less than 10 megabytes. This makes it lighter, which means it can run without any problems on older devices with previous versions of Android.


The application is an official one, so it has practically all the same functions as the original chat service, enabling you to talk with your friends individually or in groups by sending and receiving text, images, videos, and stickers.


The difference between this client and unofficial ones that you can find online is that Messenger Lite can work in the background and send notifications for messages from your friends, like triggering vibrations or lighting up the device's screen when there is any activity. In practical terms, it has the same features as the original client without taking up as much space and consuming as many resources, which is what Facebook applications are generally known for.


Messenger Lite is a fantastic alternative to the official Facebook client. It's especially useful in countries where wireless connections struggle with the huge amount of data needed to run the official client. It's also compatible with a large number of devices and older versions of Android (as far back as 2.3 Gingerbread), though of course you can use it no matter what your situation is.


Requirements (Latest version)


Frequent questions


Which is better: Messenger or Messenger Lite?


Messenger Lite is the best choice for anyone who wants to use the app just to chat. You can only use Messenger Lite to chat and send emoji, whereas with Messenger, you can send audio files and more.


How can I download Messenger Lite?


You can download Messenger Lite by searching for the APK file on the Uptodown website, where you'll find the latest version of the app. There, you can also find various previous versions.


How do I update Messenger Lite?


To update Messenger Lite, go to the Uptodown website and download the latest APK file for the most up-to-date version. You can also update it automatically from the Uptodown App Store.


How do I deactivate Messenger Lite?


To deactivate Messenger Lite, tap the "My profile" button, then go to the "Conditions and policies" section and select "Deactivate Messenger." After you tap "Deactivate," you'll be all set.


More information


Messenger Lite


El cliente de mensajería de Facebook mucho más ligero


Última versión


Messenger Lite es un cliente oficial desarrollado por Facebook de su conocido servicio de mensajería instantánea, cuya principal virtud es la de ocupar muchísimo menos espacio que la versión estándar de la misma, llevándose algo menos de 10Mb y resultando mucho más liviana para correr sin problemas en terminales más humildes con versiones anteriores de Android.


Se trata de una aplicación totalmente oficial que ofrece prácticamente todas las funciones del servicio de chat original, pudiendo conversar con nuestros contactos tanto individualmente como en grupos, así como enviar y recibir texto, imágenes, vídeos y stickers.


A diferencia de los clientes no oficiales que pueden encontrarse por la red, Messenger Lite es capaz de funcionar en segundo plano y enviar notificaciones con los mensajes de nuestros contactos, así como emitir vibración o iluminarse el dispositivo cuando se produzca algún tipo de actividad. A efectos prácticos tenemos todas las ventajas del cliente sin el peso y consumo de recursos por el que son conocidas las aplicaciones de Facebook.


Messenger Lite es una fantástica alternativa al cliente oficial de Facebook pensada para países donde las conexiones inalámbricas no son capaces de correr con soltura la cantidad de datos que necesita el cliente oficial, además de ser compatible con un mayor número de dispositivos y versiones más antiguas de Android (corre hasta en 2.3 Gingerbread), lo cual no quita que podamos utilizarla, aunque no tengamos estos problemas.


Requisitos (Última versión)


Preguntas frecuentes


¿Qué es mejor Messenger o Messenger Lite?


Messenger Lite es mejor para aquellos usuarios que quieren usar la aplicación como un simple chat. En Messenger Lite solo lo usas para hablar y enviar emojis como mucho mientras que en Messenger puedes enviar audios y/o archivos.


¿Cómo descargar Messenger Lite?


Para descargar Messenger Lite solo tienes que buscar el archivo APK en la página web de Uptodown donde encontrarás la última versión de la aplicación. También encontrarás un histórico de las diferentes versiones que ha tenido la herramienta.


¿Cómo actualizar Messenger Lite?


Para actualizar Messenger Lite puedes hacerlo de forma manual desde la página web de Uptodown descargando el último archivo APK con la versión más actualizada. También desde Uptodown App Store puedes conseguir la actualización de forma automática.


¿Cómo desactivar Messenger Lite?


Para desactivar Messenger Lite debes pulsar el botón de "Mi perfil", dentro encontrarás la sección "Condiciones y políticas" y ahí estará la opción de "Desactivar Messenger". Pulsas el botón "Desactivar" y ya estaría todo listo.


Más información

 Nombre de paquete com.facebook.mlite  Licencia Gratis  Sistema operativo Android    Categoría Mensajería  Idioma Español
