Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9488009



Subnautica: All Aurora Door Codes


During your time in Subnautica, you’ll frequently be notified about the status of the Aurora. The Aurora is a ship that had a number of reasons before it crash landed, but now that it has, you’re more than welcome to explore it. Here are all Aurora Door Codes in Subnautica.


How to Get Aboard the Aurora


It’s first worth noting that in order to even hop aboard the Aurora in Subnautica, you’ll first need to wait for the engine to explode. This occurs after a few in-game days, at which point players are then free to go and explore it.


The Aurora ship itself can be found on the far east side of the map and is most easily spotted by heading to the surface of the water.


Once you’ve found it, you’ll want to equip a Radiation Suit. If you don’t have one, you’re not going to be able to explore the ship, simple as. It’s also recommended that you take the following items:



  
Radiation Suit – Required to explore the Aurora, due to the amount of radiation being emitted from the ship.

  
Repair Tool – This will help you repair the Drive Room and any broken doors, of which there are plenty, on the Aurora in Subnautica.

  
Laser Cutter – The laser cutter will allow you to enter various rooms including the Prawn Suit Bay and Black Box Terminal.

  
Survival Knife – Handy for killing any lingering bleeders.

  
Propulsion Cannon / Repulsion Cannon – Either of these can be helpful for removing crates and barriers, namely the ones in the main hallway and Laboratory entrance.

  
A Weapon – To take care of any Cave Crawlers. This could just be the Propulsion/ Repulsion cannon you take with you for clearing obstacles on the Aurora.

  
A Seaglide – You’ll need one of these for getting around the submerged sections of the Aurora in Subnautica.




All Aurora Door Codes in Subnautica


Once you’ve got yourself equipped, you’ll be ready to head on board. There are a number of doors as you explore the ship that are locked. These require door codes in order to open them, and while they can be found in-game and as you progress through the story, who wants to wait?


Here are all Aurora door codes in Subnautica:


Once you reach a door, hover your mouse over the code screen just next to the door and enter the numbers in the order listed above. Upon entering the fourth and final digit, the door will open and you can get the valuable loot lying inside.


And there you have everything you need to know about the Aurora door codes in Subnautica, and a few tips on how to ensure you’re prepared for exploring this enormous ship.


For more tips, tricks, and guides on Subnautica, be sure to search for Twinfinite. We’ve also included some of our most popular guides for the game down below, because we’re nice like that.


Question: What are all the Aurora door codes in Subnautica?


Answer: The Cabin No. 1 door code is 1869 while the Captain’s Quarters is 2679. The Cargo Bay door can be unlocked with the door code 1454, while the Lab Access code is 6483. Finally, the Robotics Bay can be opened with 6666. That’s all of the Aurora door codes in Subnautica.


Subnautica: Exploring the Aurora


The next big mission that we’re going to tackle is the exploration of the crashed wreck of the Aurora spacecraft. This is a long mission so I’ve divided it up into several chapters.


The Aurora is not initially accessible at the beginning of the game, even with the Radiation Suit equipped. Before you can get into the Aurora you have to wait for it to explode, blasting away the entire front end of the ship in the process. That explosion will create the opening where we can enter the Aurora.


Gear Up for the Mission


Make sure to bring the following tools with you:



  
Laser Cutter and Repair Tool – Both are critical for opening doors in the Aurora.

  
Propulsion Cannon – While it is possible to board the Aurora without a Propulsion Cannon, it is extremely useful on this mission and allows you to make your exit without backtracking through the entire ship. It also is the safest and most convenient way to deal with the Cave Crawlers and Bleeders that now inhabit the ship.

  
Flashlight and Scanner

  
Survival Knife




In addition to the normal supplies that you would typically bring on a long mission (food, water, first aid,) it’s advisable to bring a few Fire Extinguishers as most of the Aurora is on fire.


Each Fire Extinguisher costs 3x Titanium to fabricate.


Explore the Wreck of the Aurora


Exploration of the wreck is divided into the following chapters:


Aurora


 
The Aurora was a brand-new Alterra Long-Range Capital Ship (and possibly the first of its class) sent to the Ariadne Arm by the Alterra Corporation to build a phasegate. Its auxiliary mission, unknown to most of the crew, was an agreement made with the Mongolian Independent States to search for and possibly rescue the survivors of the Degasi crew. It was thought that the ship's advanced scanning suite, superior to any ship that had previously made a search effort, would have better luck in finding the crew, or finally confirm whatever fate had befallen them.


During a gravity slingshot maneuver around Planet 4546B, the Quarantine Enforcement Platform struck the Aurora with an energy pulse on the starboard (right) side, resulting in catastrophic hull failure and leading to it crash landing on the surface of the planet. All the starboard Lifepods were compromised if not outright destroyed by the energy pulse; most of the port side lifepods that did launch (pods 1 to 25) were compromised except for Lifepod 5, which contained Ryley Robinson, and Lifepod 4, though it was heavily damaged when a Reaper Leviathan tried to eat it and possibly caused it to eventually become overturned, and other Lifepods whos occupants met other fates. Moments after Lifepod 5 launched, Ryley heard the enforcement platform fire and witnessed a second energy pulse strike the already crippled ship.


Upon crashing, the Aurora plowed into the terrain, unearthing it and leaving small sand hills around the ship, resulting in huge quantities of Metal Salvage and Supply Crates being dispersed within the vicinity of the ship, providing useful materials such as Food & Water, batteries, and Titanium. Multiple Reaper Leviathans patrol the crash site.


By the time the player awakens and begins his exploration of the area, all of the other Lifepods have been destroyed and their occupants have vanished. After the Aurora's Drive Core explodes, blowing the bow of the ship. After that, its wreckage is surrounded by Radiation and is unapproachable without a Radiation Suit. While quite dangerous and far out, the player can visit the Aurora early in-game before it explodes, although multiple tools are needed to properly explore the ship.


The Aurora is located on the far eastern edge of the map, with its bow facing north and its stern facing south. It is visible from the surface nearly anywhere on the map, making it a useful landmark, especially if the player lacks a compass. The ship is approximately 1,280 meters long from nose to thrusters. Including parts normally hidden by the terrain, it stands to be about 500 meters tall.


Of all crewmembers on board the Aurora, the only known survivor was Ryley Robinson, who later managed to escape the planet. Alterra later admited the ship's loss and informed about the rescue of its "survivors", but censored any details about how the ship had crashed and why.


Contents



  
1 Mission

  
1.1 Primary Mission

  
1.2 Auxiliary Mission



  
2.1 Intro

  
2.2 Situational Assessment Dialogue

  
2.3 Exploration Dialogue



  
3.1 Administration Office

  
3.2 Cargo Bay

  
3.3 Seamoth Bay

  
3.4 Drive Room

  
3.5 Locker Room

  
3.6 Prawn Bay

  
3.7 Laboratory

  
3.8 Living Quarters

  
3.9 Mentioned Areas




Mission


Primary Mission


PHASEGATE ANNOUNCED FOR THE ARIADNE ARM: ALTERRA LAUNCHES THE AURORA


The furthest reaches of inhabited space are due to expand, as Alterra Corp launches a newly-constructed capital ship, carrying a phasegate bound for the Ariadne Arm.


The Aurora will travel from spacedock on the edge of Alterra space, making hundreds of consecutive phasegate jumps through nine different trans-gov authorities, and arrive on the far side of the Ariadne Arm in three months' time. From there the command crew will pilot the ship beyond the final phasegate, arriving in the next solar system approximately 18 months later.


There the elite team of engineers will begin a 6 month construction project on the new phasegate, a multi-trillion credit investment. In the absence of existing infrastructure in the region, the vessel is equipped with advanced thermal and nuclear power facilities.


Alterra Corp. currently operates 9% of all phasegates in the galaxy. If the Aurora's mission is successful Alterra will have outmaneuvered a cabal of Mongolian corporations, operating a range of outposts and mines in the region.


Auxiliary Mission


- Mission: Search & Rescue 
- Target: Crew of the Mongolian vessel 'Degasi' 
- Last known position: Vicinity of planet 4546B, Ariadne Arm 
- Contact: Mongolian Emissary Jochi Khasar, Aurora Passenger Quarters


Mission brief: 
A Mongolian vessel, the 'Degasi', disappeared almost a decade ago, carrying with it a high ranking Mongolian chief. Corporate insurance has purchased passage aboard the Aurora for Emissary Khasar, and your orders are to make every reasonable effort to locate and retrieve the Degasi crewmembers, without compromising the primary mission. Confirming the fate of the crew will aid Alterra's diplomatic efforts with the Mongolian councils.


Mission Details: 
- Aurora is due to perform a slingshot maneuver around 4546B (category 3 ocean planet) approximately 13 months post-launch 
- This will bring the ship within range of the Degasi's last known position 
- Additional aquatic and all-terrain vehicles have been included in the Aurora's cargo package for this mission 
- Degasi crew manifesto has been distributed to senior employees in a separate message


PDA Speech


The PDA reports Aurora's state and information about the environment to the player as they survive. During the exploration of the Aurora, it will explain the state of the ship around you.


Intro

 Trigger Dialogue  Starting The Game "Attention. Hull failure imminent. All personnel abandon ship.
Launch in 3. 2. 1. " 

Situational Assessment Dialogue

 Trigger Dialogue  Exiting Lifepod 5  "The Aurora suffered orbital hull failure. Cause: unknown. Zero human life signs detected." 

Exploration Dialogue


Aurora Exploration


The PDA updates the player on the condition of the Aurora's Drive Core degradation throughout the course of several in-game days, up until its eventual explosion.


The explosion is focused towards the front section of the ship. The player can be killed by the explosion if in the crash zone biome when the event occurs.


Only after the explosion is the player able to explore inside the Aurora, but if they are not equipped with a radiation suit they will suffer damage over time. All three parts of the suit must be equipped to negate the radiation damage. Upon entering the Aurora, the player is forewarned by the PDA that nearby creatures contain traces of human tissue in their digestive tracts, indicating that all bodies have been devoured by Bleeders and Cave Crawlers. Also, fire and falling debris can injure the player, and periodic shaking of the ship occurs. Reaper Leviathans that spawn around the Aurora, Cave Crawlers that swarm the ship's entry, and Bleeders in the flooded areas all present additional threats.


For avoiding the Reapers, there is usually one patrolling between the basin West of the Aurora, and the deep chasm beneath its bow. A Seamoth can safely sneak past by approaching from the Safe Shallows nearest to the Aurora and hugging Aurora's side, until reaching a gap large enough for the Seamoth to squeeze through. It is recommended to disembark in shallow water so that the ramp beneath you will protect you from a Reaper attack, though the Reaper doesn't normally swim that close to the entrance.


The following equipment is recommended and/or required for exploring the Aurora:



  
Radiation Suit (required to approach the Aurora)

  
Stasis Rifle, for self-defense from Cave Crawlers, Bleeders, and possibly Reaper Leviathans.

  
Repair Tool, for repairing the Drive Room and mending broken doors.

  
Propulsion Cannon, for removing crate barriers at both the main hallway and Laboratory entrance, and to remove the Bleeders from the player's arms. A Repulsion Cannon is also a viable tool for removing crates and barriers. They could also be used for self-defense against Cave Crawlers and bleeders.

  
Fire Extinguisher, for various fires (some can be found on site)

  
Laser Cutter, for entering various rooms including the Prawn Suit Bay and Aurora Black Box Terminal.

  
A Seaglide for quick navigation through the submerged sections.

  
A Survival Knife / Thermoblade to kill the Bleeders.

  
A Grav Trap can be used quickly to contain the Bleeders in the Drive Room.

  
A Vehicle, preferably a Seamoth to travel to Aurora.




It's not possible to build a Seabase inside the Aurora; Base Pieces cannot be placed anywhere inside the ship, even if there's room. By extension, no interior modules can be placed either. It is possible to place Exterior Modules in the Aurora, notably the Exterior Growbed. A Seabase can be built right next to the Aurora with no problem.


There are two routes to the inside of the ship. The first route is on the right side of the shore area of the torn upfront section and constitutes a doorway behind a Floodlight blocked off by various crates. Behind the crates are a Fire Extinguisher and a fire to put out, after which the player will find themselves in the Laboratory. The second route requires going up a ramp in the torn upfront section of the Aurora. On the way up, the player can find several Supply Crates with crafted items inside of them. The doorway leading to the T-section is partially blocked off by a fire. Fortunately, a Fire Extinguisher can be found on the floor several meters away from the doorway. When the player enters, there will be a sign to the left that reads "Airlock".


To the right of the T-section, there is a door that is blocked off by a fire. The left corridor leads to the "Cargo Bay 3". The right door leads to "Administration". These rooms are indicated by signs on the Aurora itself.


Administration Office


The administration office has a Data Terminal with a downloadable log titled "Alterra Launches the Aurora". The office also contains shelves, a Desk, and a Prawn Suit Poster - Land which can be taken. It also contains an Abandoned PDA with a Data Download under the headline "Notes to self", which will give the player the code "1454". You can also collect batteries on the shelf behind the main desk.


Cargo Bay


The flooring of the hallway leading to "Cargo Bay 3" is collapsed, forcing the player to head down into the exposed hallway below.


The player can find an Abandoned PDA named "Aurora Engineering Drone - Log" next to a single Propulsion Cannon Fragment, right at the start of the ramp leading to the hallway. The blockage can be gotten around by dropping down from above from the collapsed hallway floor or by using the Propulsion Cannon or Repulsion Cannon to move the Cargo Crates out of the way. Alternatively, the player can jump and sprint from the slope to the first large Cargo Crate, and then from there to the top of the pile. Note that in doing so, there is a fire that cannot be put out; it must simply be avoided.


At the end of the hallway is a locked door with a keypad that can be interacted with. Entering the code from the previously mentioned Data Download into the keypad will open the door. The code is 1454. Alternatively, you can unlock the door without using a code from the other side. The cargo bay is a large area full of Cargo Crates, Supply Crates, forklifts, and a few other miscellaneous things. Very rarely, up to three Cyclops Engine Fragments can appear inside some of the large Cargo Crates.


Even though the number of this cargo bay is unknown, the number on the large blast doors suggest it could be Cargo Bay 4.


There is an inclined cargo elevator in the cargo bay, which is stuck halfway. Close to it, there's an Abandoned PDA named "Trans-Gov Profile: Alterra Corp.".


Following the cargo elevator downwards reveals a flooded quad-junction hallway which gives access to the Seamoth Bay, Drive Room and Locker Room.


Seamoth Bay


The door to this room is locked, but there is a damaged panel which the Repair Tool can repair. When this panel is repaired, the door is unlocked, and the player can enter. The Seamoth Bay contains two pieces of a damaged Seamoth, which can be scanned. It also has a Seamoth Depth Module MK1 Upgrade Module and an Abandoned PDA called "VR Suite Log".


Drive Room


The Drive Room contains the ship's Drive Core which is comprised of four large reactors. They are connected by catwalks, though some are underwater and heavily damaged. The reactors are covered in breaches, and the player's objective is to repair all eleven of them using the Repair Tool, however, it should be noted that the flooded part of the Drive Core, where most repairs need to be done, is full of Bleeders. Repairing the breaches removes the radiation entirely after three in-game days.


When entering the Drive Room, the PDA warns the player that radiation is at its maximum tolerable level (which would be the Radiation Suit's guaranteed maximum rating, radiation fluxes of 400 sieverts per hour).


The Cyclops Engine Efficiency Module for the Cyclops can also be found in the Drive Room, sticking out from the upgrade console at the center of the room. Bleeders can also be found in the water around the reactors.


Locker Room


Cutting through the Sealed Door in the quad-junction hallway will lead the player into a locker room. Some of the lockers are open and have loot inside, like batteries, first-aid kits, and water. There is an Abandoned PDA with a Data Download titled "Sweet Offer". It will give the player the code "1869", required for Cabin 1 in the Living Quarters.


Prawn Bay


Leaving the locker room, there will be a sign labeled "Prawn Bay". This is the location where the Prawn Suit Fragments will be found. The door to this room is locked, and like before, has a panel that needs to be repaired. Once the door is unlocked the player can proceed into the room. This room has multiple Prawn Suits hanging from the ceiling, presumably waiting to be deployed. To the right is a pile of rubble with broken Prawn Suit Fragments and other miscellaneous things piled on top of each other. The fragments may require nearby fires to be put out to be scanned. Among the rubble is a Storage Module, located on an upgrade console. Next to that is a ramp blocked off by fire and rubble. Once those are cleared, there is a door that leads to the "Living Quarters".


In the water is a large system of pipes and wires. In the system of wires is a hole where one can swim through to enter the room containing Aurora's black box data. Heading north through a doorway will lead to the Laboratory, however, one must use a Laser Cutter to open a door to enter.


Laboratory


Coming from the Aurora entrance: Remove the crates blocking the doorway, then follow the hallway until there is a fire. On the right lies a fire extinguisher which is useful for putting out the aforementioned fire. Continue until a submerged room is reached.


Coming through the Prawn Suit Bay: Go underwater at the far left corner from the entrance to the Bay to find a tunnel leading to the lab. A room before the actual laboratory contains a Data Terminal with a Data Download titled "Aurora Black Box Data". There also is a Supply Crate containing a Battery in front of a locked door that requires the Laser Cutter. Behind it is the actual laboratory.


A nearby Abandoned PDA has a Data Download titled "Lab Access" containing the code, 6483, for the two nearby doors. These grant access to the storage room, where three Large Sample Flasks can be found, one Cylindrical Sample Flask, a Microscope, and a Sample Analyzer. The two Supply Crates contain Disinfected Water and there's a Data Terminal that states it de-corrupted the player's PDA and unlocks the Repulsion Cannon. On a Counter close to the terminal, there's also an Abandoned PDA named "What Can We Learn From the Hive Mind of Strader VI?".


Living Quarters


The Living Quarters are various rooms that provided living conditions for the various crew and passengers on the ship. If the player goes right, there is a Supply room filled with Filtered Water and Nutrient Blocks. If the player goes left, there is a Canteen. Bar tables and chairs are lying on the ground, along with a few handy Supply Crates, a vending machine against the wall, a bar with single wall shelves, a fire extinguisher is on the wall behind the bar as well as a Keep Calm Poster, which can be taken. Sitting atop the bar is the Abandoned PDA named "Today's Menu."


At the front end of the corridor, there are cabins for the people on board. There are beds, posters, Carry-alls, and some Supply Crates.


To the left, you can find Cabins 1 through 3 and the Captain's Quarters. Cabin 1 is locked by a code, which is "1869", found in the Abandoned PDA named "Sweet Offer". In this room, a Blue Cap, Arcade Gorge Toy, and an Abandoned PDA, "Responsible Autonomous Relationships", can be found. Cabin 3 contains a Prawn Suit Poster - Land. Another locked door at the end of the hallway, Captain's Quarters, can be unlocked with the code "2679", which is received later in the game on the radio. Inside the room, there is an Aurora Miniature, an Aurora Poster, an Abandoned PDA titled "Captain's Log" on the bed, and a Data Terminal that contains a Data Download titled "Alterra HQ - Last Recorded Transmissions", that unlocks the Neptune Escape Rocket.


To the right, you can find Cabins 4 through 7. Cabin 4 contains an Abandoned PDA named "Relationship Contract Legal Recording" and the Prawn Suit Poster - Sea. Facing this room there is Cabin 7 and the doorway is blocked by fire, which you will need to put out to go through. There, you will find another Abandoned PDA, "Alterra Alms Pamphlet". Cabin 6 has a Natural Selection 2 Poster.


Mentioned Areas


The Aurora had a virtual cinema/theater, an anti-gravity gym, VR suites, a robotics bay, several airlocks, a scanner room, several leisure decks, and several canteens/cafés. It is possible that these areas were destroyed either when the Aurora crashed or during the drive core detonation, or simply inaccessible in Aurora's current state.
