Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=1783231



Best free (AND SAFE) client for 2b2t?


So I got bored and thought of getting onto 2b2t but then I realized "Oh shit I don't have a client". I'm inexperienced with clients, I've used some before not too much. Basically, I need some advice for clients that are good for 2b2t, or good clients for anarchy servers in general. Thanks!


Okay, here're some good ones with uses:


RusherHack is good for utility (link: https://rusherhack.org)


Future is good for crystal pvp and utility (link: https://www.futureclient.net)


rootNET I don't really use that much, but it's decent for crystal pvp and good for utility (https://rootnet.dev)


Abyss is cracked for crystal pvp, and I gotta see if the longjump and flight still work on 2b (https://abyssclient.com)


Catalyst is useless, but I thought I'd mention it anyways. (https://catalyst.sexy)


I do have to mention there're better free clients if you combine them. Such as mixing gopro's clean phobos, and KamiBlue / SalHack.


Lambda or impact for util and w+3 or phobos for cpvp. Impact for cpvp if ur a chad


What are you planning on doin on 2b? There are many different clients for different purposes.


Just anything, most likely pvp


Lambda utility w+3/phobos cpvp


kami blue, lambda (kami blue with plugins), impact (*cough*) or as the comments below mention: Future or Rusherhack.


About Community


Welcome to r/MinecraftClients! Here we can discuss everything related to Minecraft Hacked Clients and Ghost Clients. Please be sure to read the rules. Dont forget to join our Guilded! You can also talk about badlion/lunar but you will probably be made fun of


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .


2b2t-utility-mod


Here are 19 public repositories matching this topic.


 Pr3roxDLC / Catalyst 


Open Source Catalyst Client


 MrsRina / onepop 


Anarchy crystal pvp utility mod client, previous paid but now open source & free.


 Toshimichi0915 / sushi-client 


 MrsRina / Imperador-Widgets 


Accurate entry box source code written for Minecraft.


 XZRC / FrogWare 


A Minecraft utility mod for anarchy servers


 Snoworange420 / Mousse 


An advanced utility mod for Minecraft 1.12.2


 Zane2b2t / Sync-Leak 


Leak of private 1.12.2 soon paid client Sync (obfed)


 tycrek-archive / 2b2tclients.org 


Public listing of up-to-date information on a number of Minecrack utility mods.


 Snoworange420 / Cranberry 


An advanced utility mod for Minecraft 1.12.2 forge: the real Mousse recode.


 chunfeng666 / StayProPublic-WuShuang 


 Tr0llMode / RatWare-leak-0.4.0 


Leak of paid client (200 rubles like 3 dollars lmao)


 NightDesertOrig / Violet 


 NightDesertOrig / PyroClient 


Pyro Client Deobf+Remap (not buildable)


 maxgamesNL / Galactite 


Minecraft Hack Client for fabric 1.17.1. Mostly for a learning project. Using the tutorial of 0x150


 chunfeng666 / lover-main 


The auxiliary mod used on the 2b2t non-government server, but Ding Shuosi's favorite hack


 chunfeng666 / abhack-main 


The author of abhack is a person whose parents died, but he still brings us a pile of shit client 90% are copied from others' code


 Syamu0120 / Override 


The BEST Minecraft hacked client aims to 2b2t


 owoDennis911 / LemonClient-Buildable 


 martin010919 / Mayhem_client 


Improve this page


Add a description, image, and links to the 2b2t-utility-mod topic page so that developers can more easily learn about it.


Add this topic to your repo


To associate your repository with the 2b2t-utility-mod topic, visit your repo's landing page and select "manage topics."


best hacked client for 2b2t rn?


2builders2tools is a minecraft server with the goal to never reset the world in a free for all no rules pvp environment, with little modification to the vanilla survival gamemode. The world is 11 years and 11 months old, with a size of 20 300 GBs and over 789 126 players visiting at least once. The IP to connect is 2b2t.org


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .
