Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9697590



10 Best Pokemon ROM hacks and fan-made games


Whilst not the first of its kind, it is amongst the most well-known Generation III hacks, despite it never leaving the beta stage. It is also one of the most illegally sold ROM hacks, with many bootleg versions of ShinyGold available as pre-patched ROMs or flashed game paks. ShinyGold’s creator, username Zel, included a warning in later editions warning users about this problem and to demand their money back if they had paid for it. Also, since patches usually only contained user-made code changes and not copyrighted code, it was not illegal to distribute one. If the developers used a typed language, the hacker may be able to compile their own code for the game in the same language if they have access to a proper compiler. One such example would be using C to hack Nintendo 64 games, since MIPS-GCC can compile code for the Nintendo 64.



  
I was in the back of the family van on my GBC, using the little tiny light extension thing to see.

  
There is postgame content to keep you challenged, and from the beginning, you’ll find that from the first gym onward, there is a bit of a learning curve for anyone new to Pokemon ROM hacks.

  
You can choose the one you like the most and enjoy it to the fullest.




Open up your character’s PC and go to “Withdraw Item” under “Item Storage.” You should now see that the PC has Potions and Rare Candy stored inside of it. Withdraw all the Potions to your bag by pressing on A (or equivalent button/key for those playing with controllers/keyboards) again. Doing this will result in the Rare Candy now occupying the first slot of your PC’s Item Storage.


Are ROMs illegal if you own the game?


Using something as a template doesn’t mean you don’t love the original product. I would have a problem if they are profiting off of it however – without fairly compensating the original creators. In the same way that Led Zeppelin should admit they directly lifted a good many blues licks. @ALinkttPresent Do you have any idea how much effort it takes to make a complete ROM hack, especially one that doesn’t suck?


This is an exciting hack of Pokemon Crystal that sees players taking a Pokemon Trainer from Valencia Island around the Orange Archipelago. The only downfall with this one is that it’s fairly new, and only episode 1 has been launched, so as soon as you start to get addicted, you then realise there’s not another episode out yet. The team behind it are working on more episodes, but as with any ROM hack, they don’t get paid to do it, so this will launch when and if it gets finished. It has that old, vintage feeling from the 90’s and that’s what attracts many to this ROM hack, it’s different, but feels nostalgic at the same time. They have even added a day/night system which triggers events based on the time and location you are in, making the game feel random in a very natural way.


Fire Red Omega


It might be harder, but it’s still an enjoyable title to play. We’re talking more Pokemon, more battles, and brand new features to whet your appetite. In my opinion this should be stickied.As many people register here to ask about pok? Pokémon have now been moved from the Pokémon Bank to your boxes in Pokémon Home. The last step is to move these Pokémon to your Pokémon Sword and Shield game.


Every Pokémon requires a certain amount of Stardust the full details, and the more desirable the Pokémon, the more Stardust it requires. A streamlined process like this can help to accelerate a team’s evolution process, and it can also help to demonstrate your expertise as a trainer. Everyone has access to it, regardless of whether they have a game save or not. Link cords are available for purchase from the Merit shop in Jubilife Village for 1000 Merit Points. Items can be found lying around on the ground in Space Time Distortions.


The Unofficial MOTHER 3 Fan Translation is another ROM hack of high notability and popularity, though not of the same extent of modification as the ones listed above. As the name implies, it alters the text of the Japan-only Game Boy Advance RPG MOTHER 3, translating it from Japanese to English. The hack was mainly developed by Clyde “Tomato” Mandelin and several other members of the Starmen.net forums in response to Nintendo of America’s refusal to localize MOTHER 3.


Here, players will be matched up with opponents and given a team of six random Pokémon! In conclusion, Pokémon Showdown alleviates most of the tedium when it comes to competitive battling, and we are very thankful for its existence. The appeal of Pokémon Showdown comes from its efficiency compared to the mainline games.


25 Best Pokemon ROM Hacks of 2022


The year 2022 is almost at its end and so far we’ve got some really awesome pokemon rom hacks this year. And among them, there are some that have gotten really really popular among pokemon fans.


Today, we’ll be looking at some of the best new pokemon rom hacks that you should definitely try out. As the title suggests, we will be covering rom hacks in general, mainly GBA & NDS ROM Hacks.


We will mention a brief description and some of the notable features of each game + screenshots.


Also, be sure to visit otakuharbor.com for anime, manga, manhwa recommendations, news, game guides & much more!


You can also find the download link for each of the ROM Hacks listed in this post.


So, without further ado, here are the 25 Best Pokemon ROM Hacks of 2022


25. Pokemon Wally Quest


A simple, plot-centric game based on RHH’s battle engine. The story is based on Emerald and ORAS, with additions to the main plotline, a new rival/antagonist, sidequests, and post-game episodes. There is also a bit of a catch-them-all subtheme.


Play as Wally, go out and explore Hoenn, make friends and save the world!


Notable Features



  
Physical/special split, Mega Evolution, Z-Moves, etc

  
All Pokemon, movesets, TMs, and Move Tutors up to Gen VII, up to and including Melmetal

  
More double battles. Gym Leader and E4 rematches, as well as some boss fights, will be doubles

  
All Pokemon have “perfect IVs”

  
NPC opponents have EVs and natures

  
Gym Guides offer “battles” for fast leveling

  
EV-training NPCs: Unlockable through side events

  
Other QoL Changes




24. Pokemon Exceeded


Pokémon Exceeded is a new emerald decompilation hack. One major feature is Innate (a relatively rare feature among Hack Roms), which functions as a Pokémon ability, but the Pokémon can have up to three Innates. Some effects interact with Innates, such as Mold Breaker abilities and Gastro Acid, while others, such as Neutralizing Gas, have no impact on them. And some Pokémon can be unlocked via level, friendship, evolution, or even quests!


Notable Features



  
Pokemon up to Gen 8.

  
New side quests, New maps & New items.

  
Custom Starter Pokémon trio (you can also choose specific region starters, including from Pokémon Unbound).

  
Over 150 new Abilities/Innates.

  
Over 50 new moves, including terrains and Pokémon Unite’s ultimate!

  
Over 150 moves were changed (base power, accuracy, PP, effect, etc).

  
A lot of customization, you can choose if you want to activate: 

  
Nuzlocke mode, Randomization, optional challenges, Sandbox mode, Physical/Special split, Inversed type effectiveness, “No Damage” challenge from SmallAnt, AI choose your actions in battle, Mirror mode, etc.




23. Pokemon Trick-or-Treat House


The Trick Master is back from his journey around the world, and this Halloween, he’s bringing all the new puzzles together for one heck of a Halloween Treat! Make your way through forty different puzzles, from old classic movement-style puzzles to brand-new tricks and treats never seen before in Pokemon! Collect candy! Go trick or treating! Battle against other costumed trainers! Can you make it through them all?


Notable Features



  
Select three starter pokemon from a random selection of twelve!

  
40 different puzzles, ranging from mazes to battle gauntlets to logic puzzles. Several are community submitted!

  
Candy is everywhere! Pokemon drop candy and items! Every rock and tree could be hiding some candy!

  
Over 40 types of candy to find scattered everywhere, featuring various use and hold effects, some never seen before.

  
There’s a mysterious Trick Mistress vying for making the best puzzle possible, and she’s asking for your help!

  
Pokemon up to Gen 8

  
In-game per-puzzle timer!

  
Several puzzles have randomized elements, which can be turned off in Half-Moon mode!

  
Costumes: Mudkid, sported by our boy Brendan. Torchick, worn by our girl May. Or Treekid, donned by our enby buddy.




22. Pokemon Fused Dimensions


Pokemon Fused Dimensions is a mod of Pokemon FireRed featuring a dex replaced with fusions.


Notable Features



  
A dex full of fusions, 376 to be more precise, all of them obtainable.

  
Mega Evolution

  
Custom Dex entries for every fusion, as well as the base stats on it.

  
Some of the HMs have different typing and effect

  
Forgettable HMs & Infinite TMs

  
Physical/Special split

  
Fairy-type

  
Increased Shiny odds

  
Added the Link Cable item to evolve Trade Pokemon

  
All the wild Pokemon changed due to their design or lore




21. Pokemon Fire Red Extended


A FireRed Remake Project With A Lot Of Advanced Enhancements!


Features



  
Pokemon from Gen 1-8 (Kanto To Galar).

  
Custom Level For Starter Evolution.

  
HUD & Updated Layouts For Better Experience.

  
IVs, Natural Display Added & PSS Icons Inserted.

  
Unique Events

  
Party Specific Evolution (Remoraid + Mantyke = Mantine).

  
Custom Wormhole System & Sideway Stairs GFX.

  
Revamped Map GFX & Custom Battle Background GFX.

  
Advanced Move Tutor In Every PokeMart.

  
Replaced Elite Four With The Ultimate Pokemon League!

  
Field Moves. (Cut, Fly, Surf, Strength, Flash, Rock Smash, Waterfall, Dive, Dig, Sweet Scent, Rock Climb, Dig, Headbutt, Drillrun, Bulldoze, Thief, Growth).

  
New Fossil Resurrection System For Gen 1-8 Fossils (Use Thief On Hikers/ Dig In Certain Maps).

  
Safari Zone Expanded To 4000$ (Does Not Count Steps + 60 Safari Balls)




20. Pokemon Let’s Go Pikachu & Eevee GBA


Pokemon Let’s Go Pikachu & Eevee GBA are a pair of FireRed hacks based loosely on the Switch games.


Notable Features



  
Pikachu/Eevee as your starter

  
Following Pokemon

  
New Maps, New Characters & New Events

  
Updated Graphics, Overworld Pokemon & New Sprites

  
Mega Evolution

  
Galarian and Alolan forms




19. Pokemon Glazed


oday’s the day you turn twelve years old, which means today is the day you get your first Pokemon. But if you were expecting an uneventful journey across the Tunod region, you’d be dead wrong. A mysterious power is sending the Pokemon world and the real world on a collision course. A mysterious team lurks around the ruins of ancient Tunod, with a mysterious purpose. You’ll meet allies in three roaming trainers from the Johto region, as well as a scarfed Pikachu hell-bent on revenge. Will you be able to handle it?


Notable Features



  
Mega Evolution

  
New Story, New Region, New Sprites

  
Updated Graphics

  
All Pokemon have their proper cries

  
& More




18. Pokemon The Last Fire Red


A FireRed hack with the same story but with new features & events to discover.


Notable Features



  
Mega Evolution (In Battle) / Primal Reversion / Ultra Burst / Dynamax (In Battle)

  
Z Moves (with Animations)

  
Expanded PC Boxes (up to 24!), Expanded Bag

  
All Pokemon, Moves, Abilities, Items, Item Effects through Gen 7

  
Fairy Type, High difficulty & New Rivals

  
New Items (Shiny Charm, GEMs, Mega Stones, Z-Crystals, and more)

  
Totem Pokémon

  
Some New Events, Updated Graphics, New Sprites, Running indoors

  
Pokes’ IVs, Double battles, PSS System, Repel System, Exp Share

  
New Overworlds, New Trainers & New Evolution Methods

  
Level Scaling (Trainer Pokemon levels will be set to the highest in your party)

  
Ash Greninja-z (transforms in battle with his ability)

  
Alolan Forms

  
Day/Night/Seasons System

  
DexNav




17. Pokemon Black 2 & White 2 Kaizo


Black 2 Kaizo and White 2 Kaizo are all-double battle difficulty hacks of Pokemon Black 2 and White 2 versions. They have many features, both for difficulty and quality of life.


Notable Features



  
Approximately 450 available Pokemon

  
Increased Difficulty

  
You will receive 2 Starters

  
Additional Pokemon Encounters at 2nd Floor of Every Pokecenter

  
A number of items can also be found in shops, including Rare Candies, Berries, Shards, and Heart Scales.




16. Pokemon Fire Gold


The player travels through the center region of Johto and Kanto, to defeat Gyms and battle against Team Rocket. Added in the post-game contents, players will also be able to re-battle gym leaders, encounter Celebi, and trade regional forms.


Notable Features



  
Intensive Custom Music Added.

  
Johto, Kanto & Mt. Silver!

  
Battle 16 Gyms & Challenge Each Region’s Elite Four.

  
Roaming Legendaries & VS Seeker Trainers.

  
Bug Catching Contest & Apricorn Pokeball Maker.

  
Fairy Type, New Moves, New Abilities & Items.

  
Galarian & Hisui Forms Were Added In The Game.

  
Cameo Events: Lake Of Rage Floods & Clefairy Dance.




15. Pokemon Girls Hunter 3


Pokemon Girls hunter 3 is an 18+ GBA ROM Hack and similar to its prequel, you catch girls instead of pokemon… It has a new region, a new story, 50 catchable girls & 10 kinds of pokemorphed girls.


Notable Features



  
More than 50 different kinds of catchable girls and about 10 kinds of Pokemorph girls.

  
New Region: Kinav




14. Pokemon Crystal Clear


An open-world crystal hack.


Pick your starter, and your region, customize your character, and then do whatever you want. You can collect all 16 badges, challenge the new E4, catch all 251, rechallenge a gym, and visit new places… There are a lot of things to do.


Notable Features



  
Open world

  
Pokemon Stadium 2 compatibility

  
Start in any town from Johto or Kanto

  
24 starters

  
Character customization

  
Pokemon palette customization

  
Scaling Gyms and Trainers

  
Following Pokemon

  
Buy a house in any town




13. Pokemon Moon Black 2


After becoming the League Champion and defeating the final Hurrah Island challenge Prof. Kukui allowed Sun/Moon and others to travel to the Unova Region for a year and test what they learned in Alola. Your rival Gladion followed and together you chose new starters for the journey across Unova. Rumors say Team Skull has also been spotted in Unova. Sun/Moon was also granted permission to enter the Regional Tournament at the PWT representing the Alola region if they defeat the Unova Champion!


Notable Features



  
Mega Evolution (Outside of battle)

  
Pokemon from Unova, Kalos, Alola & Galar

  
Unova Forms and Alola Forms

  
New Pokemon, New Rivals, New Gym Leaders, Elite Four & Champion, New Items, New Moves & New Events

  
Harder Difficulty

  
Pokemon World Tournament




12. Pokemon Platinum Redux


Platinum Redux is a difficulty rom hack of Platinum. The changes listed below aim to provide a more challenging Platinum experience focused on teambuilding and battling. The rom currently has a roster of 493 Pokémon.


Notable Features



  
Makes every fully evolved Pokémon viable until late game

  
Increased (but fair) difficulty, New Hardcore Mode, New events

  
The shiny rate is increased to 1/257.

  
Wild encounter rates are much lower.

  
Every Pokémon evolves by level.

  
There are no encounters while surfing.




11. Pokemon Emerald Crest


This hack has vanilla Emerald’s story with many new, later-generation features, and some extra quests.


Notable Features



  
Mega Evolutions, Primal Forms, & Z-Moves

  
Pokemon from Generation 1-8

  
Alolan Forms & Galarian Forms

  
Dexnav & Pokedex Plus

  
Randomizer Mode, Nuzlocke Mode & Chaos Mode

  
Teleportation Service

  
Wonder Trade

  
Mirror Mod/Thief Mod, Auto Run, Shared Experience (Exp. All), Reusable TMs, Chain fishing

  
All Moves, Run indoors

  
Improved battle engine & Item expansion.




10. Pokemon Ultimate Fusion


It is an Emerald Hack with Fusion Pokémon and some Minor Changes.


Notable Features



  
Fusion Pokemons.

  
Revamped Trainer Teams.

  
Updated Stats & Moves.

  
Some Minor Changes.




9. Pokemon Blaze Black 2 & Volt White 2 Redux


This REDUX Project Is An More Enhanced Edition Of Original Blaze Black 2 & Volt White 2!


Notable Features



  
Maximum Evolution Methods Changed!

  
More Good Variety Of Gift Pokemon.

  
Used Drayno’s Engine & New Important NPCs.

  
3 Game Modes: Easy, Challenge, Black City!

  
Every Legendary & Mythical Can Be Captured.

  
Item Locations Changes & Updated Pokemon Moves.

  
Changes For Type Combo, Trainers, Trade & Wild Area!




8. Pokemon Renegade Platinum (+ Following Renegade Platinum)


Pokémon Renegade Platinum is an enhancement hack of the Pokémon Platinum Version, similar to Drayano’s other hacks such as Sacred Gold & Storm Silver and Blaze Black & Volt White. In a nutshell, this hack generally keeps the same story flow like the original Pokémon Platinum but adds in a significant number of gameplay differences, including but not limited to access to all 493 Pokémon in the game, revamped Trainers including tougher boss fights, lots of (optional) changes to weaker Pokémon to make them easier to use, the removal of trade only evolutions and a number of other quality of life changes.


Notable Features



  
All 493 Pokémon Available

  
Revamped Trainer Battles

  
Harder Boss Battles

  
Fairy Type

  
Increased Shiny Rate (1/8192 -> 1/512)

  
New Special Events and NPCs

  
All Wild & Trainer Pokemon Have Been Changed




7. Pokemon Voyager


Thousands of years ago, a cataclysmic event upended the majority of the planet’s landmass. Sea levels rose to drastic levels, forcing Pokémon and mankind alike into the formerly high-altitude region of Keplara. Generations later, the region’s ever-growing population would force humanity to encroach upon the feral Pokémon’s territory, increasing tensions across the region. With no other land on Earth to populate, Keplara’s human residents have begun to explore alternatives for human expansion. Some choose to explore the land or sea, but others turn their attention toward the stars and space-faring technology.


Notable Features



  
New story, New characters, Customizable playable character

  
76 Fakemon scattered throughout the region (game focus and initials)

  
Battle Factory mode: play a challenge with a Pokémon team for hire

  
Some original Pokémon from the 1st to 8th generation

  
A highly customizable difficulty, randomizers, challenges, and Nuzlocke modes

  
Updated battle engine




6. Pokemon Fusion 3


Pokemon Fusion 3 is a GBA Rom Hack by Grillo & Lugre based on Pokemon Emerald with various Pokemon Fusions, including Pokemon from the Alola Region.


Notable Features



  
Fusion Pokemon (including Alolan Pokemon)

  
Day/Night System

  
Pokemon Platinum-Style Soundtrack

  
Checker for IV/EV

  
Exp for Catching Pokemon

  
New Sprites/Icons/Cries




5. Pokemon Quetzal / Emerald Multiplayer


Pokemon Emerald Multiplayer is a multiplayer version of the good old Pokemon Emerald. You can choose from 11 starters. You can also challenge your friends to a Pokemon battle!


Notable Features



  
Multiplayer (local and online) support for 1 to 4 people

  
Following Pokemon

  
44 starters

  
You can choose the number of Pokémon following you (0-6).

  
Choose between 13 playable characters: Brendan, May, Gold, Red, Ash, and Gloria, Elio, Lucas, Rei, Steven, Rocket Grunt, Magma Grunt & Victor)

  
Individual, double, and multiple combats against other players from anywhere

  
Trades with other players from anywhere

  
Battle in co-op mode & Spectator mode

  
All 1-3 gen pokemon are obtainable without the need to trade with other games (including legendaries)

  
Customizable shiny rate




4. Pokemon Emerald Rogue


Ever wondered what Pokemon might look like as a Roguelike? Pokemon Emerald Rogue is exactly that.


Notable Features



  
Randomly chosen routes

  
Procedural items, trainers & wild encounters

  
Hub area with unlockable buildings/NPCs

  
Character customization

  
Multiple game config settings e.g. prevent over-leveling, trainer difficulty, double battle mode

  
Seeded mode, with individual config settings (useful for multiplayer races)

  
Galarian Forms & Mega Evolution (In Battle)




3. Pokemon R.O.W.E.


Pokemon R.O.W.E is an attempt to create an open-world Pokemon Emerald with QoL changes and a high replay value, with diverse team building as the primary goal.


Notable Features



  
Open world, Gen 8 Pokemon, Following Pokémon

  
Tons of QoL Changes to get your team without having to Breed to get good IVs/Abilities

  
Egg Move Tutor

  
Chose between 9 starters or get one randomly.

  
3 Different Game Difficulties – Easy, Normal, and Hard

  
Regional Music Options(Chose between Kanto, Johto, Hoenn, and Sinnoh Music)

  
Randomized Mode, Double Battle Mode, Inverse Mode, Perfect IVs Mode, No EVs Mode, Random Party Mode & More!




2. Pokemon Radical Red


This hack is at its core a difficulty hack with additional features; quite similar to Drayano60’s enhancement hacks, which provide access to nearly all the Pokemon while also adding relevant buffs.


Notable Features



  
CFRU features (Mega Evolution, Gen 1-8 Pokemon)

  
Hisuian Forms

  
Dynamax Raid Battles

  
Much higher difficulty

  
No need for teaching HMs

  
Curated buffs to a lot of deserving Pokemon




1. Pokemon Unbound


Welcome to the Borrius Region, a region rich in history. Many years ago the Borrius region fought a brutal war with the Kalos region. The people of the Borrius region summoned a dark force to help them defeat their enemies; however, the war ended in defeat when the king of the Kalos region unleashed the ultimate weapon. With the war over, the dark force was sealed away never to be used again. However, many years later, an organization is known simply as “The Shadows” seems bent on releasing the dark force once again. It’s up to you to stop them and save the Borrius region from ultimate destruction.


Notable Features



  
A custom battle engine on par with Gen 8, as well as many qol features

  
Pokemon from Gen 1 up to Gen 8

  
Unlimited Bag Space, Auto-Run, DexNav, Daily Raids, Inverse Battles

  
Over 50 unique songs & Updated Graphics

  
Difficulty Modes, starting from Easy to Insane.

  
Over 75 unique Missions to complete!

  
Character Customization: Choose from up to 300 different combinations

  
Daily Events, Exciting Mini-Games, Challenging Puzzles & A Rich Post-game




That was it for the list, let us know what was your favorite pokemon rom hack this year in the comments below!
