Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=1499021



50 Shades of The Sims - A List of Naughty Mods


Taking care of the highest quality of entertainment, we searched the Internet (because there's more than the Wicked Whims) so that your Sims 4 become a little more greasy. And maybe sometimes a tiny bit naughty.


IMPORTANT NOTE! These mods are designed and intended for adult players only. They introduce activities such as drug-dealing, explicit sex scenes, to allowing players to furtively watch other sims. 


In today's issue of gaming after ten, we will look at some seriously unsettling stuff from the community of The Sims. There will be some simple mods, such as one that dramatically increases breast size, as well as some more inventive designs, which will introduce new qualities to the sims' bedroom lives, may pathologize the kiddos in the game, let the elders get geriatric pregnancy, introduce prostitution, drugs, and presumably rock and roll. I told you, this is some elegant shit.


But remember – what's seen once cannot be unseen, and once you try the NSFW Sims, chances are your life won't ever be the same. Not necessarily worse – just not the same.


The changes can traumatize you and make you miss the innocent world of characters devoid of genitals, propensity for substance obuse, and any manifestation of pathology. But they can also make you want more. And more.


The thing about mods is that their creators often abandon them, and they can become incompatible with new versions of the game. That's why we decided to check the compatibility of all modifications with the latest patch for The Sims 4. And since the Custom Aphrodite Aspiration and Breast Augmentation are not working at this time, let us introduce you to Extreme Violence and Mental Health. The changes were made by Matt Lugowik.


We've originally published this piece in November 2019. In June 2020, we updated it and added two new modifications – Life Tragedies and Deadly Toddlers.


I spent two weeks with the following mods. I did it for you, and I've corssed the Rubicon.


Wicked Whims


"Always should be someone you really love." This is what active autonomy looks like in Wicked Whims (we've censored the screen ourselves).


We start with the biggest gun (so to speak). The Wicked Whims mod is perhaps the most extensive on this list. Think the Sim's sexual life is boring? Or perhaps you'd like to – hypothetically – realize your wicked whims and fantasies, like some of us used to do with Barbie dolls (which also had no genitals by default, but modding them was trickier)? Wicked Whims will undoubtedly solve the first of these problems, and as for the second – you will sure find something for yourself.


The community's favorite allows, among others, orgies. The animations available here will considerably (I mean significantly) diversify the visual experience. What can you expect? Well, my first instinct was to quickly alt-tab the game. To access this mod, you have to create an account on the mod's website. And then you can download all you want. Tell us afterwards if it was worth it.


With Wicked Whims, the characters you create will also be able to become naturists, and if you have the expansion The Sims 4: Get Together – also exhibitionists. And once you get down on it, you will also be free to do it pretty much anywhere: a car on an airplane? It's up to you. The floor? Not very inventive! A nightclub, a Swingers' club (again, you will need the aforementioned DLC), middle of the street, couches, sofas, tables, cabinets.


Installing the mod can cause problems with the love dart: it can get stuck, deform, start floating in the air, or lose its complexion. It could be gone too. Life's not easy.


Adult naptime no longer happens under the sheets, with oozing hearts. Wicked Whims will blow the cloud of pixels away from the Sims' most intimate areas, and what this reveals is. I still cannot forget that. I wanted to say "evocative of Adam and Eve," but do you know the bald guy? That's probably a better place to look for comparisons. The mod adds the ability to peep others, sweat, and secrete all sorts of bodily fluids, etc. The Sims can also enter polygamous and polyamorous relationships. And incestuous.


The female and maternal experience will also change. Contraception or a paid increase in fertility is not a problem. If you do not want to leave things to chance, the settings let you change the probability of pregnancy from 0 to 100%. Abortion? 1500 Simoleons and it's done. Can also be done using drugs (also introduced by this mod), about which you may read later on – called Basemental. Female characters hitherto leading blissful lives devoid of a menstrual cycle will now have one. Periods, altering fertility and infertility, stained underwear, discomfort – all that jazz. Including tampons and pads. As if periods weren't uncomfortable enough in the reality beyond the Sims.


This mod has all sorts of surprises waiting for you. My craziest story so far?


A complete stranger without pants peeked my lesbian couple through a window during a time of increased affection, while also satisfying himself. When later on, one of the ladies was unfortunately set afire during cooking, he came to her rescue and put the fire out. It then took about a minute to persuade him to go see the bedroom with the other girl. They of course got caught red-handed. It ended in a big fight and tears. And then back to the bed. That's what you have to be ready to see in Wicked Whims.


After activating cheats in the settings you will be able to take the clothes off any NPC, or get anyone to have sex. It's also worth checking out the awards shop. For aspiration points, you will buy some interesting novelties.


Best wicked whims animations?


Very overwhelmed with all the options. What are some of the “most needed” or “best ones” to get?


Here is my google doc with a link to tons of mods. Whatever you want.


Amra72 and Mike24's are really good.


Yeah I sort of grabbed everything I could for a variety. Best is sort of up to personal taste lmao


Haha agreed. There are just so many extras I’m not sure where to start


All the Honorary and Veteran creators listed on the website are good.


Grey naya is amazing you should download him he has a Patreon which I pay 10$ for, but honestly his animations doesn’t get more realistic than that.. I can’t stop playing now.


how do you download from these websites with no download button


you need to make an account first, the download button will then appear on the right side


There are no "best ones". Just download the bundle files and get everything.


Can you tell me where to get the bundle files? I'm really new at this.


About Community


Welcome to the official subreddit for The Sims franchise and community. Please be sure to read the pinned announcement(s), rules and guidelines, and FAQ before posting or commenting.


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .


Best wicked whims sex animations


This page may contain sensitive or adult content that's not for everyone. To view it, confirm your age.


Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. ©2023 reddit inc. All rights reserved. REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .
