Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=5182838



Stardew Valley “Blackberry Basket” Story Quest Guide



Story Quest Information: 
Quest Name: Blackberry Basket 
Quest Text: It's blackberry season, but Linus can't find his basket! He's asking you to help him find it. He has no idea where it is. 
Provided by: Mail, Fall 8 
Requirements: It's in the Backwoods near the entrance to the tunnel, which is to the left of the bus stop. 
Reward: 1 Friendship heart 
Stardew is game that incorporates both skill and strategic planning from the player’s part. Some of its quests are really time-consuming so the game is a test of many individual abilities such as patience, and timing. The game has an increasing number of quests that keep unlocking as the player solve the given ones. Due to a number of quests, many people find it hard to cope and they are normally lost in the way because of the really big array of different characters that all roam about in the game with each of them having a unique purpose. 
As many people new to the game find themselves bored, and unable to continue with the quests, this guide will help you on how to get past the Blackberry Basket quest. This particular brief manual describes how to finish a quest called ‘Blackberry basket successfully’. What is this particular quest? And how can you complete it successfully? Please follow the description below. 
Walkthrough 
This quest will trigger off on the 8th of Fall. You will be notified of this quest when a piece of mail comes at your farm. Read it and you will know that Linus has his Blackberry basket lost somewhere in the town and he now wants you to find it as soon as possible. 
The name of this quest is ‘Blackberry basket’ and here’s a brief step by step manual on how to complete it. 
1.Unlike the other quests of Stardew Valley, finding the basket is fortunately not a very difficult task and can be found fairly easily. After you have left your farm, head towards Pelican town, and then swing to the north. 



2. After travelling for a while, you will come across a bus stop. But the bus stop will be out of order so you will have to travel on foot from there as well. 



3. From the bus stop, head to the west and trekking on foot you will eventually come across a tunnel. There you go! The Berry basket is placed on the roadside just beside the tunnel. 



Linus lives in a tent which is on the north of Pelican town. Its location is between the carpenter’s shop and the Mines. He usually hangs out in the general area where you can find him. Linus will not give you any gold for finding his berry basket. However, the poor man definitely gives you a big affection boost. 


Stardew Valley Blackberry Basket: All You Need To Know


Are you wondering what the Stardew Valley Blackberry Basket is? Well, look no further! This guide will explain everything you need to know when it comes to this topic. By the end of it you will be an expert on it, trust me. Let’s get right into it!


What is the Stardew Valley Blackberry Basket?


Blackberry Basket is one of many quests in the game. As there are so many in the game, you may not know how to complete all of them. Don’t worry, I will explain how to complete the quest once I tell you what it is.


On day 8 of Fall, you will receive a letter from Linus in your mailbox. If you’re wondering who Linus is, he is the man that lives in a tent that is close to the Mines and north of Pelican Town. His letter will explain that he can’t find his blackberry basket during blackberry season, oh no! He also says that he has no idea where it is but wants you to find it. Yeah, he doesn’t have any clues, making the quest even harder. But don’t worry, we will tell you so that you don’t have to suffer the endless looking we did when we encountered this quest.


How do you Complete the Quest?


Even though Linus wants his Blackberry Basket for blackberry season, there is no time limit for the quest. Therefore, you can take as much time as you want to find it. Due to this, feel free to stop along the way to forage any items you find. There are surely some lovely foraging items during Fall.


Moving on, let’s finally tell you where it is and how to get there. Don’t worry, you won’t need to do a lot of travelling like other quests as the basket is found not far from the farm. The Blackberry Basket is located in the Backwoods. If you don’t know where this is, keep reading. Firstly, check your map and locate the Bus Stop and head to it. If you’re still having trouble finding this area, you can follow the route from your farm that leads you to Robin’s house, you will then need to go to the Bus Stop. Once you reach there, you will need to keep walking directly left of the Bus Stop.


Once you find yourself in an area with a few bushes and a bus tunnel, you’re in the right place! If you still can’t see the Blackberry Basket, it is on the north side of the road. There you go, you’ve got it! You won’t have to go through the struggle of looking everywhere on the map thanks to this guide.


Lastly, you will need to return the basket to Linus. He will be located near his tent, so go ahead and travel to the Mine area that is north of Pelican Town. The area where Linus lives is explained in the section before this.


What do you get by Completing the Quest?


If you’re wanting to build a friendship with Linus, you should be excited. Upon completing this quest, you will receive a Heart level. However, if you have already reached maximum Heart levels with Linus, this may not be a great reward.


Unfortunately, there is no other reward from this quest, other quests usually reward you a Heart level and some gold. Consequently, if you’re not a big fan of friendship in Stardew Valley, this may not be a great quest for you. However, you should not worry as Stardew Valley has plenty of other quests to offer that fit all types of players needs.


What other Quests does Linus Request?


If you have not guessed already, Linus is a pretty reserved character in Stardew Valley. He only has two other quests that he may randomly request. They include a “Help Wanted” board quest and possibly a “Community Cleanup” quest.


Therefore, if you’re looking to build a friendship with Linus, keep an eye out for these quests. However, if he doesn’t request any help, you can always gift him his favourite items (hint: he loves coconuts).


Conclusion for Stardew Valley Blackberry Basket


In conclusion, with guidance, this is a pretty simple quest. However, if there was no guidance, it may have taken you a much longer time to find the Blackberry Basket. This quest is great for those wanting to build a friendship with Linus. Well done if you completed this quest!


I hope this guide helped you!


Blackberry


The Blackberry is a Fruit found via Foraging throughout Stardew Valley. It can be found on the ground during Fall and on bushes during Blackberry Season (Fall 8-11). It can also be grown from Wild Seeds (Fa) (also known as Fall Seeds), or found in the Farm Cave if the fruit bat option was selected.


Contents


Blackberry Bushes


During blackberry season, the number of berries obtained from each blackberry bush increases as the player's Foraging Skill increases. At Level 4, two berries will be harvested from each bush instead of one. At Level 8, three berries will be harvested from each bush. If Foraging Skill is temporarily increased to 12 or 13 with a Foraging Buff (by consuming food), then 4 berries will be harvested from each bush.


Blackberries collected from bushes have several unusual characteristics:



  
No Foraging XP is granted for collecting them.

  
Unless the Botanist profession is chosen, bush berries are always normal quality, regardless of the player's Foraging skill. (Botanists always obtain iridium quality, as with all foraged items.)

  
Bush berries benefit from the +10% Tiller profession price bonus when sold. If bush berries and standard foraged berries are combined into one stack, the entire stack receives the Tiler bonus. The Tiller bonus will stack with Bear's Knowledge, allowing a maximum bonus of ×3.3.

