Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=8918722



Bloons TD 5 free for iOS


You will be automatically redirected to the homepage in 30 seconds.


Bloons TD 5 is a tower defense strategy game for Android and Apple devices. In the game, players must stop Bloons from entering the tower using diverse tools, and they lose lives when Bloons reach the end of a path.


Gameplay



  
Towers: In this game, you will find 21 powerful towers with Activated Abilities and 2 upgrade paths. You will find all the towers from TD 4 that feature not 4 but 8 upgrades each, and also two new exclusive towers.

  
Missions: Bloons TD 5 makes sure to keep you entertained for hours and hours. The game features 10 Special Missions and over 250 Random Missions. In other words, this should be enough for months.

  
Daily: Connecting daily is best - this will allow you to get some daily rewards and also pick up daily challenges. This is a great way to follow all the updates.

  
Modes: With Bloons TD 5, you get three different modes, including a Co-op (unlocked at rank 10). But even more, you get three different difficulty levels so that anyone in the family can enjoy it!

  
Special Agents: Meet the ten Special agents of Bloons TD 5: Beekeeper, Angry Squirrel, Meerkat Spy, Bloonberry Bush, Super Monkey Storm, Bloonsday Device, Tribal Turtle, Pontoon, and Portable Lake.




Age rating


The game is rated Everyone.


Bloons TD 4+


Play the classic Bloons TD mobile version that started one of the most popular strategy game franchises ever!


Achieve total Bloon popping satisfaction in this signature monkey-infused tower defense game. With an army of dart monkeys and a multitude of towers and weapons at your disposal can you pop all the bloons before they escape?


Bloons® TD for iPhone / iPod touch features all of your favorite towers and upgrades, including the almighty Super Monkey.


Can you battle your way through 50 challenging levels over 15 exciting tracks and unlock all the gold medals to become the TD master?


* All of the Bloons® TD favorites including dart monkeys, tack towers, blade shooters, bomb cannons and super monkeys.


* 5 differently themed map packs with 6 classic online levels and 9 brand new exclusive iPhone tracks!


* 3 difficulty levels on each track with bronze, silver and gold medals to unlock.


* Continue with the madness in freeplay mode once you have mastered a track.


* Intuitive touch interface with two different control systems.


*Updated control system making selection of towers easier. Spikes, Pineapples and Glue can now be placed quickly by dragging a set on and tapping anywhere on the path to continue placing.


If you want the latest and greatest version of Bloons TD, including co-op multiplayer, check out Bloons TD 5!


Bloons TD 5 HD for iOS


Five-star tower defense with unrivaled depth and replayability. Check out the all new Quest system!The Bloons are back in full HD glory and this time they mean business! Build awesome towers, choose your favorite upgrades, hire cool new Special Agents, and pop every last invading Bloon in the best ever version of the most popular tower defense series in history.Featuring 2 brand new Towers, cool Special Agents, glorious retina graphics, original Tracks and Special Missions, a whole new tier of Specialty Building upgrades, and the powerful Monkey Lab to further upgrade your towers, Bloons TD 5 delivers hours and hours of fun, challenging play to fans and new players alike.Hours and Hours of Awesome Gameplay:- 21 powerful towers with Activated Abilities and 2 upgrade paths- 10 Special Agents- 50+ Tracks (plus their Reverse versions!)- 10 Special Missions- 250+ Random Missions- New Bloon enemies - tougher Camos, Regrower Bloons, and the fearsome ZOMG- 50+ Game Center Achievements and Challenges- iCloud Support- 3 different game modes- Freeplay mode after mastering a track- 4 difficulty settings and family-friendly theme so anyone can playAnd that's just the beginning - regular updates will keep Bloons TD 5 HD fresh, fun, and challenging for many months to come. Now it's time to pop some Bloons!Remember to save to iCloud after each victory or purchase to save your progress.Please note the Bloons TD 5 HD is for iPad and iPad mini devices only - it is incompatible with iPhone and iPod touch devices.


Full Specifications


What's new in version 3.2


Whats that coming over the hill? Is it a Boss Bloon?The mighty Boss Bloons from Monkey City are invading BTD5! Look for the button on the track select screen for your chance to challenge one of these terrible behemoths and win some fantastic rewards. New bosses will appear over time so make sure you check back often!


General


Operating Systems


Additional Requirements Compatible with: ipad2wifi, ipad23g, ipadthirdgen, ipadthirdgen4g, ipadfourthgen, ipadfourthgen4g, ipadmini, ipadmini4g, ipad2wifi, ipad23g, ipadthirdgen, ipadthirdgen4g, ipadfourthgen, ipadfourthgen4g, ipadmini, ipadmini4g, ipad2wifi, ipad23g, ipadthirdgen, ipadthirdgen4g, ipadfourthgen, ipadfourthgen4g, ipadmini, ipadmini4g, ipad2wifi, ipad23g, ipadthirdgen, ipadthirdgen4g, ipadfourthgen, ipadfourthgen4g, ipadmini, ipadmini4g
