Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7446269



Butchero


Butchero is a roguelite clearly inspired by Archero where you play as a barbarian armed with javelins, ready to fight hundreds of monsters while you make your way through countless dungeons.


Gameplay in Butchero is identical to the aforementioned Archero. That is to say, you can move your character freely around the scenario with your thumb. The problem is that your character can't attack while moving. So you'll have to stand still if you want to throw your javelins at the nearest enemy.


Every time you play Butchero, it's a brand new game, because the scenarios and enemies always change (which is typical for roguelikes). Your objective is to get as far as possible, defeating all the enemies your encounter along the way. Luckily, when you kill enemies, you get coins that you can then use to buy new abilities. You can make your attacks bounce off the walls, throw more critical blows, or pass through enemies, for example.


Butchero is a fun game with gameplay that's pretty similar to Archero and other similar games. It also has great graphics and tons of scenarios, weapons, and abilities to unlock.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information

 Package Name rpg.action.boss.rogue.dungeon  License Free  Op. System Android    Category Action/Adventure  Language English

Butchero Meaning, Pronunciation and Origin


Butchero name numerology is 11 and here you can learn how to pronounce Butchero, Butchero name origin, numerology and similar names to Butchero.


How to pronounce Butchero?


Example: Alexander Alex-an-der


Click and hear the audio pronunciation multiple times and learn how to pronounce the name Butchero.


Can you pronounce it better? Or with a different accent?


Note: Please try to record the pronunciation within 3 seconds.


Preview:


We keep adding meaning and other info to all names. So keep visiting again to get this name's meaning and other information.


"Search Ends When Sharing Starts"


If you already know the meaning of Butchero in English or in any other language, Please contribute that will helpful for other users, also you can edit any data like gender, pronunciation and origin to improve accuracy.


Butchero name personality by numerology


Talent analysis of Butchero by expression number 11


“Yours is the most highly charged Expression number of all. You are like a lightning rod, attracting powerful ideas, intuitions, and even psychic information like unpredictable bolts. You are a powerful presence without any awareness on your part of having personal power. You are a channel for higher vibrations. But in order to be emotionally and psychologically at peace, you must learn to control that flow of energy. You possess a bridge between the unconscious and the conscious.”


Inner analysis of Butchero by heart number 5


“Freedom is essential for your happiness. You love change, new experiences, meeting new people, adventure and travel. You love the exotic, far away places. Variety is more than mere spice of life - you thrive on it. You are extremely flexible and adaptable. You have more curiosity than the proverbial cat. You have a sharp mind and a natural ability with words. You are a born communicator, clear, fluent, and imaginative in every area that interests you - which are many!”


Personality analysis of Butchero by personality number 6


“You radiate understanding and compassion. People sense your warmth and fairness. For this reason, you attract many people who are in need of comfort, including the disadvantaged. People tend to come to you to unload their burdens. You inspire confidence. You have a fine sense of justice. You do everything in your power to keep the harmony and are even willing to sacrifice your personal desires for the good of others. You can take this too far, however, sometimes playing the role of the martyr. ”


To get more detailed numberology reading based on your date of birth visit our Numerology Calculator.


Butchero: Epic Action Adventure RPG Roguelike for Android


Welcome to the fantasy world of Butchero one of the top action games where any rogue hero becoming the greatest hero of the realm. Nothing, except hideous monsters that you will have to defeat on your way to glory.


The unique action RPG mechanic of this free roguelike RPG will never let you get bored by the process. Each new attempt at getting through the countless hordes of enemies in this epic RPG will be unlike any of the previous attempts, so you will always get a fresh influx of adrenaline, combining acquired skills of archery, spear throwing, or swordsmanship in a new and more effective way to grow from a simple rogue to a real dungeon master. The more attempts you make, the farther your hero will get in the journey, slicing through enemies like a hurricane of wrath and pure rage. Moreover, you can play this fantasy RPG offline and improve your warriors.


When it comes to choosing a rogue hero, there are always at least a few options. In the Butchero idle RPG you can choose one of two characters to play this action RPG:


Butchero a powerful and noble nomad archer and spearman that possesses unparalleled strength and will to survive;


Liv a stunning warrior princess with quick attacks, unparalleled archery skills, and an absolute rogue demeanor.


As most online action adventure games and RPG games do, Butchero allows you to improve your characters. Its not just an archery game and its far more than any of the regular dungeon games:


Collect and utilize powerful weapons, whether a sword, bow and arrow, spear, etc.;


Use special spirits to boost your warriors might;


Put strongest armor on your character to give them better protection from enemy attacks in every arena;


Equip your warrior with rings that provide additional boosts to various traits in this fantasy RPG;


Take advantage of amulets to come on top in battles in each of your attempts at this roguelike game;


Improve your warriors equipment using special scrolls to increase your chances at victory in this epic RPG.


BOOST YOUR CHARACTERS TALENTS


Fantasy world of Butchero is not an easy place to survive in, which makes it drastically different from most mobile action games. Depending on your characters main features bow masters or expert swordsmen you should improve their talents accordingly to achieve the best stats and help them become a true dungeon master:


Maximize health for better endurance in battle;


Boost attack indicators to defeat enemies faster;


Improve healing abilities to recover from damage quicker;


Reinforce the iron shield to protect your warrior from enemies;


Boost the leadership talent to heal upon gaining new levels in battle;


Improve agility to perform quicker moves and attacks;


Enhance equipment to get better indicators from your armor, weapons, spirits, etc.;


Get the time reward talent to get additional XP points by passing levels quicker;


Upgrade the inspiration talent to get additional skills at the start of each attempt.


SIMPLE AND INTUITIVE GAME INTERFACE


Unlike hunting games and most action games for free, Butchero offers its players a simple and intuitive interface that they can master in a blink of an eye:


Simple controls allowing to play with just one hand;


Tutorial at the beginning of each battle;


No special buttons or complex combinations either move or attack;


Get bonuses during the battle, improving your chances at success;


Open free chests with coins, diamonds or equipment on a regular basis;


Unique fights with bosses and tons of enemies with unique traits;


Join one of the most captivating RPG games for free today. The world of Butchero is waiting for you to join the battle! Download and start playing now!
