Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=123321



Cafeland: World Kitchen Cheats for iPhone - iPad


You will notice that from the very start you will not have a big, beautiful place, but instead a one table restaurant looking cafe which has nothing that says "unique" in it. We will be looking to change that and make the place shine! You can spot next to your restaurant's limits that there are two arrows pointing outwards. If you tap on one of them, you will see the requirements to expanding your restaurant by a tile (a tile to the right, and one to the left). Since your shop will start at 6x6, you need to know that you can eventually expand it to fill the entire green space that is next to the restaurant (it is quite big, I know!). Anyway, you can start by making it 7x7, because soon enough you will want to add several fun decorations and tables so you need all the space you can get!


In order to expand you will need to meet the following requirements:


Don't worry, in time you will manage to make it the biggest cafe in the game, but it will take quite a lot of time, so don't stress over it!


Keep the cafe spotless


As you might expect, there will be stuff spilling on the floor - customers spilling their drinks, dropping their food and leaving footprints all over your floor! Well, it should not be an issue because you can immediately clean everything up with a single tap! Make sure you keep the restaurant (or cafe, however you want to call it) clean because some customers like that very much, so they can tip extra and give you a few good items too with it! I suggest that whenever you see a splat on the ground or even footprints, you go ahead and clean them up right away because that is the way to keep your business going and keep the customers coming one by one! It's easy, so don't think about the fact that you have to do it often. Rather think about the fact that whenever you clean you will earn some extra Coins, so you are basically doing it for the money!


Buy the necessary amenities ASAP


One of these super necessary items would be the fridge! I suggest that you go on to the Store -> Premium Boosters and there in the second tab select the Fridge. This will let you store various food dishes that you made extra there, so it will save a lot of time and money. This fridge is the only necessity that I see early on, so make sure that you buy one because it will make a big difference. Sometimes when you want to cook multiple dishes you cannot always display them all at the same time (unless you have enough display counters) so this is where the fridge comes into play. The fridge will allow you to place there some of the dishes that you cooked and don't have space to serve just yet!


At start, you will have 1000 slots to store dishes, but don't worry - they run out pretty quickly, so you might want to start thinking about upgrading it too! To upgrade the Fridge storage, simply tap on the orange "+" and it will increase your Fridge capacity to 2000 for the price of 25 Cash.


Tap on the customers with dialogue boxes


This is a super important feature because it will let you learn more about what your place is missing, what the customers like and where you can improve on. Basically whenever you tap on a customer with a dialogue box on top of their head you will either get a positive feedback (if the customer has a green happy face) or negative feedback (if the customer has a sad red face). I suggest that you read the negative feedback, because they pretty much tell you what you should improve on! Listen to the customers' voice because they will tell you all that you need to change in the cafe and everything that can be considered as "improvable".


For example you will sometimes see that someone will say "Hello, not enough tables and chairs!" - when that happens, you know what needs to be done! Buy an extra table and add more chairs! There are other types of negative reviews, such as customers complaining that you have not mastered the dish and whatnot, or even going as far as saying "My cat has better taste in decoration.". These are all stuff which you should not crazy about, but learn what multiple customers want and try working on improving that first.


Add unique decorations


I could say that this is by far my favorite of all the in game features. Since I love decorating, I can think of countless ways to change the looks of the cafe! The only things standing in between me and the dream cafe is about a million coins and Cash, but let's be honest here for a second! You can make everything work as long as you have patience to save up the necessary budget to do it! You can start slowly, by changing the default floors and walls, and adding something that you like instead.


Once you have done this, you can then start checking the decorations. Customers like various decorations because it makes the place look unique, and of course, it attracts even more customers! You can add decorations from the Shop menu. There, you will see the various categories that you can pick: Cafe Equipment, Floor, Wall, Furniture, Decorations (actual decorations), Fun and Premium Boosters.


The ones you should start by adding are new Walls and Floors, and soon after you finished with those start adding new tables, chairs and some actual "Fun" items (the Puppy for 45 Cash is the best!). Another thing to keep in mind here: add new serving stations (Walnut Servery for example) so that you can store more dishes up for grabz and make more money faster!


Increase your restaurant space for Cafeland: World Kitchen


You will notice that from the very start you will not have a big, beautiful place, but instead a one table restaurant looking cafe which has nothing that says "unique" in it. We will be looking to change that and make the place shine! You can spot next to your restaurant's limits that there are two arrows pointing outwards. If you tap on one of them, you will see the requirements to expanding your restaurant by a tile (a tile to the right, and one to the left). Since your shop will start at 6x6, you need to know that you can eventually expand it to fill the entire green space that is next to the restaurant (it is quite big, I know!). Anyway, you can start by making it 7x7, because soon enough you will want to add several fun decorations and tables so you need all the space you can get!


In order to expand you will need to meet the following requirements:


Don't worry, in time you will manage to make it the biggest cafe in the game, but it will take quite a lot of time, so don't stress over it!


Please Submit a Problem for any incomplete, non-working or fake code listed above.


If you know other secrets, hints, glitches or level guides, then please Submit your Stuff and share your insights with other players.
