Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=3899291



Build your perfect team in Champion Eleven - the brand new football manager sim endorsed by Pep Guardiola


With the Premier League season wrapped up for another year and the World Cup still a month away, Champion Eleven is definitely arriving at the perfect time to give footie fans a new kickabout fix for their tablets and smartphones.


Officially authorized by FIFPro and endorsed by Pep Guardiola, the football manager sim boasts plenty of authenticity. There are over 60,000 active players from the World's top leagues included in the game - Messi, Ronaldo, Hazard, De Gea, they're all there.


What's more, the combination of a nifty AI system and cutting edge dynamic capture technology provides a pretty credible portrayal of the beautiful game, with a display of touch, clinical passing, and silky dribbling skills, that make watching your team a genuinely entertaining experience.


When you start Champion Eleven, you'll be greeted by none other than the game's ambassador, Pep Guardiola, taking up the role of advisor to coach you through the game's various modes and menus. As the name suggests, Champion Eleven is all about building up your team into an unstoppable squad of elite players. As such, the matches will come thick and fast, letting you build up through the leagues, earn rewards, and boost your team without having to feel the slow grind often endured with most other footie manager sims.


Getting you started on your journey to build the ultimate team is another familiar face to Manchester City fans in Gabriel Jesus. You won't have to wait too long to add additional star names to your team either, with tokens and player packs on offer as rewards for your teams performance.


Tokens and funding comprise the main currencies of the game, which you can use to purchase players or pick up handy items, such as medikits and energy drinks to keep your squad adequately energised. Player fatigue is a crucial factor in the game, so squad rotation and tactics play a vital role in seeing your team progress through the many leagues, cups, and PVP competitions that await you.


Besides managing all the duties required of a head coach, Champion Eleven also lets you assume the roles of both chairman and director, dictating player transfers and constructing the training grounds and medical facilities needed to keep your team performing at its best.


Set to launch on 18th May, you won't have to wait long to give Champion Eleven a go for yourself - for more info, go to www.championeleven.com.


About MeoGames 
Integrating both publishing and development, MeoGames is a comprehensive mobile game company that is committed to the vision of “bringing a different entertainment experience.” MeoGames aims to be a major player in multiple facets of sports-related entertainment through the production of high-quality sports and cultural content.


Champion Eleven


Pep Guardiola - Champion Eleven Official Ambassador Run your own FIFPro-licensed football team as a professional manager, and use your own specific tactics to overthrow your opponents! - Game Highlights Freely switch between 2D and 3D views built the new Unity 3D Engine, battling against real AI or human opponents across the globe. - Refine your own tactics Watch your independent offensive and defensive strategies play out in real-time in response to your changes. Customize your own tactics or stick with the tried-and-true. - Play it your way-Building and Developing Grow your fan base as you win matches to increase your profits. Focus on building your stadium to increase your supplementary income, or push your players to train to be the best? The choice is yours. - Real-time PVP matching players No basic algorithms to simply mirror or completely oppose your tactics. Take on real players around the world, and watch and adjust your tactics in real time to bring home the win! - Play in world leagues to try and become champion Adjust your team and tactics to take on teams with their own strengths and weaknesses. Win your way to the top of the each league and reign as world champion! Tired of managing dots running around on a field? Champion Eleven takes your football management experience to the next level, bringing you the 3D gaming experience you’ve been looking for all this time! With more than 1000 real FIFPro licensed soccer players, you can completely immerse yourself in the world of football club management. Win matches and use your experience to train your players to be the best they can be. Take on other real managers from around the globe in league matches, and see your tactics play out in 3D. Counter your opponents tactics in real-time to take home the win! Reign as champion over your opponents, build up your team’s value in training and development, and back them with great facilities in your club area. Matches are already underway, so what are you waiting for!? Don't fall behind - start your journey today. If you have any content feedback or questions, feel free to contact us on; Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ChampEleven/ Website: http://www.championeleven.com/
