Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=377272



Tapping Simulator Codes – Zood Studios (April 2023)


You gotta tap like a pro if you want to get to the top and become a Clicking God. Gather cool pets and climb the islands above in Tapping Simulator. Purchase upgrades and enter codes to click faster, earn better rewards, and climb the leaderboards.


Codes in Tapping Simulator will give you various rewards, so keep an eye on them. Codes do have expiration dates, so you must use the codes before they expire. We have compiled a list of available codes so you can earn cool prizes in Tapping Simulator.


If you're looking for more Roblox content, check out Roblox Promo Codes List – Free Clothes & Items!, All Roblox Royale High Mermaid Halo answers, Roblox Anime Dimensions Codes, and more on Pro Game Guides. These Roblox pages will certainly help you out, and you can find even more by browsing the site.


All Roblox Tapping Simulator Codes List


Updated February 13, 2023
 
Added a new code!
 


All Tapping Simulator Codes List (Working)


Here are all the working Tapping Simulator codes.



  
secretfreepetcode—Redeem for an OP Secret Pet (New)

  
UPD23—Redeem for 3x Tap Boost

  
FREEPETCODE2—Redeem for a Pet

  
FREEPETCODE123—Redeem for a 2x Taps Boost and a 2x Luck Boost

  
UPD20—Redeem for a Taps Boost and a Luck Boost

  
UPD19—Redeem for a Taps Boost and a Luck Boost

  
UPD18—Redeem for a Taps Boost and a Luck Boost

  
65M—Redeem for a 15 minute Taps Boost

  
UPD17—Redeem for a Taps Boost and a Luck Boost

  
SPOOKY—Redeem for 10 minutes of 2x Cash

  
UPD15—Redeem for Boosts

  
UPD16—Redeem for Boosts

  
SPACE—Redeem for a Taps Boost and a Luck Boost

  
55M—Redeem for a Taps Boost and a Luck Boost

  
50M—Redeem for a Taps Boost and a Luck Boost

  
UPD12—Redeem for a Taps Boost and a Luck Boost

  
45M—Redeem for a Taps Boost and a Luck Boost

  
UPDATE11TY—Redeem for a Taps Boost and a Luck Boost

  
40M—Redeem for a Taps Boost and a Luck Boost

  
FANTASY—Redeem for Boosts

  
35M —Redeem for Boosts

  
30M—Redeem for Boosts

  
SECRET—Redeem for a Taps Boost

  
MAGMA—Redeem for a Taps Boost

  
UPDATE4—Redeem for a Taps Boost

  
UPDATE3—Redeem for a Taps Boost

  
UPDATE2—Redeem for a Taps Boost

  
RELEASE—Redeem for a Boost

  
TESTING—Free Taps boost




All Tapping Simulator Codes List (Expired)


All these Tapping Simulator codes are expired.


Roblox Tapping Simulator Codes FAQ


Here's everything you need to know about Roblox Tapping Simulator codes.


How to redeem codes in Tapping Simulator


Codes in Tapping Simulator are useful for getting resources and rewards quickly. Here is how to redeem codes in Tapping Simulator:



  
Launch Tapping Simulator.

  
Click on the Shop icon (shopping basket).

  
Scroll to the bottom of the menu.

  
Clicko not the Put Code Here box.

  
Input the code and hit Enter.




How to get more Tapping Simulator Codes


The best way to get more codes is to join the Tapping Simulator or Discord to stay up to date with the community and find codes the developer puts there. You can also check back at this page for more codes as they get released, as we update this page regularly!


Why aren't my Tapping Simulator Codes working?


The developer controls codes for Tapping Simulator and determines how long they are active. Some codes may expire quicker than others, and some may not work with others. If a code does not work for you, double-check if there is a spelling error, if the code isn't active yet, or if it has already expired. To help solve that issue, bookmark this page and come back often to see if Tapping Simulator has added new codes or if some are expired. If you notice that a code in the Working section is expired, please leave a comment. We will verify that the code is expired and update the page accordingly!


What is Tapping Simulator?


Tapping Simulator is all about tapping. As you tap, you can level up your pets and unlock awesome rewards. You will also climb the leaderboards and eventually become a Climbing God. Jump to greater heights and discover new islands alongside your adorable pets.


About the Author


Justin has been diving into fantasy worlds since he can remember. He is a certified nerd who has a deep love of reading, writing, and hiking. He has been writing since his college days, but specifically in gaming for two years. His favorite games are The Legend of Zelda, Pokémon, Hollow Knight, Celeste, and Banjo Kazooie.


3 Comments


Tapping Simulator Codes – Zood Studios (April 2023)


Cancel reply


This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


Tapping Simulator codes (April 2023) - Free boosts and coins


Looking for a list of Tapping Simulator codes? This hit Roblox game from Zood Studios is going from strength to strength, and as such there's a good chance you'll be looking for some freebies. If that's the case, we've got you covered with all the free items you'll need!


In this Roblox guide, we'll break down everything you need to know about Tapping Simulator codes. That includes all the working coupons you can use right now, alongside details on the code redemption process and tips on where to find future code giveaways.


Elsewhere, we've got Roblox codes for some other massive games. Grab some Shindo Life codes and Project Slayers codes for two huge anime-inspired titles. That's alongside old reliables such as Pet Simulator X codes and Adopt Me codes!


New Tapping Simulator codes (April 2023)



  
secretfreepetcode - Free pet (NEW)

  
UPD23 - Free boosts

  
FREEPETCODE123 - Free pet

  
UPD20 - Free boosts

  
UPD18 - Free boosts

  
SPOOKY - Free boosts

  
SPACE - Free boosts

  
UPD12 - Free boosts

  
UPDATE11TY - Free boosts

  
30M - Free taps and boosts

  
SECRET - Boost modifiers




PRIME Stock Alerts! Know when and where PRIME Hydration is available with official retailers and resellers


Expired codes:


How do I use Tapping Simulator codes?


Redeeming your Tapping Simulator codes is thankfully quite straightforward, involving just a few taps. Even better, it'll work the same regardless of whether you're playing Roblox on mobile or PC. Here's how to do it:



  
Load up Tapping Simulator via the Roblox game page.

  
Tap the marketplace icon to go to the in-game store.

  
Scroll down to the bottom.

  
Paste in a code from our list.

  
Hit Redeem.

  
Check your inventory and boosts to see what you've unlocked!




What are Tapping Simulator codes?


As of right now, Tapping Simulator codes are something of a rarity. Like with many other Roblox games, they are free coupons you can redeem very easily for extra in-game items. The contents of any code are dependent on how generous the dev feels, but luckily Zood Studios is more than willing to dish out useful boosts.


The two active codes right now are used to get modifiers that increase the amount of coins you get per tap. Especially if you're new to the game and grinding through the early stages, those multipliers will help you progress a lot quicker.


Equally, don't be surprised of future Tapping Simulator codes provide free coins, pets, and even more performance boosts. They're crucial to helping you level up and unlock new items, so it makes sense for codes to provide a helping hand.


How do I get more Tapping Simulator codes?


Tapping Simulator may not be a new game, but nonetheless you can imagine the demand for codes to only increase. The game recently hit the staggering milestone of 30 million lifetime visits, so as it continues to succeed you can expect more codes to arrive. As such, we've compiled a few places to check for extra codes, so you never need to miss out.


Firstly, the Roblox game page, linked above, is a great place to start. All of the current codes are accessible in the description, and it'll likely remain up-to-date at all times. The game also recommends you follow the developer Zood Studios on Twitter, with the potential for platform-exclusive codes to arrive in the future.


That's it for our look at Tapping Simulator codes! While you're here, feel free to redeem some Vesteria codes and Blox Fruits codes for even more Roblox freebies. The fun never has to end!


Gfinity Esports is supported by its audience. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Learn more. Looking for specific products? Visit Stockinformer.co.uk / stockinformer.com.


Roblox Tapping Simulator Codes – The Gang Stockholm (April 2023)


Give your index finger a break from clicking by using our codes!


Roblox Tapping Simulator puts players in a world where they need to click the left mouse button to get a tapping currency. While doing this, the player can go through Obbys, fight bosses, and even get to new worlds.


The codes below will give you super gems, 60 minutes of boosts, and other bonuses which make your gameplay easier. The best way to see if these codes work for you is to try them out. It will make your gameplay much better.


For more codes for other tapping games, check out Tapping Simulator Codes, Roblox Tapping Simulator 2 Codes, and Roblox Tapping Titans Simulator Codes. These codes will make it easier to get more stuff without needing to click as much.


All Tapping Simulator Codes List


Updated August 25, 2022
Fixed the code list.


Tapping Simulator Codes (Working)


Here's a look at a list of all the currently available codes:



  
ship—Redeem code for 50 super gems

  
Moon—Redeem code for 50 super gems

  
power60—Redeem code for 60 minutes of 5x Tap Power

  
super60—Redeem code for 60 minutes of 10x Super Tokens

  
lucky60—Redeem code for 60 minutes of 5x Luck

  
Bosscat—Redeem code for 50 super gems

  
dinos—Redeem code for 50 super gems

  
40millions—Redeem code for 50 super gems

  
30millions—Redeem code for 30 million taps

  
Elsa—Redeem for five super gems

  
pineapplepizza—Redeem for a bunch of free taps

  
worlds—Redeem for five super gems

  
25millionvisits—Redeem for five super gems

  
20milliontaps—Redeem for five super gems

  
10million—Redeem for free Gems

  
5mcake—Redeem for free Gems

  
awesome—Redeem for the Elder Butterfly Pet

  
welcome—Redeem for 5,000 Taps




Tapping Simulator Codes (Expired)


These codes for Tapping Simulator no longer work.



  
15millions - Redeem for 5 Super Gems

  
elderupdate - Redeem for an Elder Cat Pet

  
1mvisits - Redeem for 150,000 Gems

  
Shiny - Redeem for 200 Gems




Tapping Simulator FAQ


Here’s everything you need to know regarding Tapping Simulator codes.


How to Redeem Codes in Tapping Simulator


Redeeming codes in Tapping Simulator is easy.



  
Launch the game on Roblox.

  
Press the gear button on the left side of the screen to open the settings

  
Press the Twitter icon with the title Promo Codes

  
Enter your code as it appears above

  
Press Use to redeem your code




How can you get more Tapping Simulator codes?


The best way to get more Tapping Simulator codes is to bookmark this page and return often. We double-check our codes often and update them whenever new games come out. Another way to stay up to date on the codes is to follow the developer on Twitter and Discord. Developers always ask players for feedback on codes and features in their games on Discord and announce when new codes will arrive. They post these new codes on their Twitter to get more followers on their Twitter accounts.


Why aren't my Tapping Simulator codes working?


The most common issue with codes on Roblox is that they are entered incorrectly. It's common to accidentally put a typo when entering codes, but the best way to avoid this is to copy the code above and paste it into the code text box. If you have done everything correctly and the game is still saying your code is invalid or expired, feel free to leave a comment. We double-check any codes brought to our attention to keep you as up-to-date as possible.


How do I keep my upgrades in the Obbys of Tapping Simulator?


You can't keep every upgrade you get in the Obbys of Tapping simulator. Instead, the game lets you keep every three upgrades you get. To make sure you always get the best upgrades, only grab the good upgrade at every third upgrade point. Whenever you pick an upgrade, a new one will take its place so you can save some when you want to pick a nice upgrade like a higher jump or faster running.


What is Tapping Simulator?


Players in Tapping Simulator live in a world where tapping is the only currency. Players can do a megatap every few seconds and a regular tap at any time. These taps are used to buy more pets that tap for them. You can do two big things in Tapping Simulator: Obbys and dungeons. Players fight bosses by tapping in dungeons, and they can get boring because they are so weak. The goal of Obbys is to run through a course without falling and get upgrades. Players unlock levels and worlds by tapping, beating bosses, and getting to the end of Obbys.


If you're looking for codes for other games, we have many of them in our Roblox Game Codes post! You can also get some free stuff via our Roblox Promo Codes page.
