Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=992541



Combat Master has been taken off Google Play and App Store due to copyright claims


The insanely popular CoD MW rip off hasn’t yet been banned or abandoned by the devs


Combat Master, a very hyped-up mobile FPS that reached a million downloads on the Play Store within a couple of days of release, is now no longer available on the Google Play or the App Store and has apparently been taken off the platforms.


Update: The developers have finally confirmed that Combat Master has been taken off from the Play Store due to a copyright claim. They further added that they will be finalizing the appeal and getting rid of the controversy soon by getting in touch with the right parties. It can be hardly a surprise for the reason of the copyright claim.


The developer has confirmed the same and this wasn’t entirely unexpected, considering the fact that the game copies CoD Modern Warfare, which is an extremely popular game. Many players were already expecting Activision to take some action against this game and it was a subject of some controversy pretty much as soon as the game came out.


The developers haven’t given up on Combat Master


In an announcement on the official Discord server for the game, the developer of the game clarified that they are in talks with the concerned authorities regarding the removal of the game but it’s also been made clear that they haven’t given up on it and it has not been banned.


Since the game wasn’t actually multiplayer and offline with bots, players who downloaded the game can still play it. However, aside from .apk files on the Internet, there isn’t any other way to get it now since the game isn’t even available on TapTap.


That being said, this is certainly going to hurt the fan following that the game was building up, with many content creators promoting it. The future of the game at this point is shrouded in uncertainty although the game was overall a pretty fun experience for many and had the potential to do great. It’s quite probable at this point that the game was put under scrutiny by Activision but only time can tell what will happen to the game.


Update: As per the latest update from the developers, Combat Master is indeed shutting down, for now from the app stores after failing the appeal against the copyright claims. The game will definitely return revamped with new features and game modes in the upcoming days. The devs also announced that people who made in-app purchases in the game can get the same items free once the new game releases.


What are your thoughts that Combat Master Online FPS has been taken off App and Play Store? Let us know in the comments below!


For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our WhatsApp group, Telegram Group, or Discord server. Also, follow us on Google News, Instagram, and Twitter for quick updates.


Combat Master set to relaunch as a new and improved game


Latest community QnA sheds lights on Alfa Bravo’s plans


Towards the end of last month, a game by the name of Combat Master blew up on mobile, and it quickly garnered a sizable player base. The game rose in popularity so quickly because of how closely it resembled Call of Duty: Modern Warfare and when it was at its prime, the game was finally struck down and removed from the Play Store and App Store due to copyright claims.


Now the fate of the game on the Play Store has been in limbo, although the game has been reinstated on the App Store. In the latest Community update on the Discord server that answered some major questions that fans had, quite a bit of information was revealed.


Combat Master will relaunch as a new game


First off, Alfa Bravo has not received any reply from the Google Play Store regarding the reinstatement of the game. However, this has now led them to come up with a new plan in case the game gets completely shut down due to copyright claims. Combat Master will be converted into a completely new game with all the issues related to copyright worked out. The devs would make changes to the UI, theme songs, sound effects, and all other elements that could possibly be claimed under copyright laws. The UI especially would be receiving a complete overhaul. In case this does happen, all purchases made in the original Combat Master game would either be refunded or transferred over into the new game.


The game will have new game modes


Additionally, the game will be moving from 3v3 gunfights to 6v6 gunfights, new game modes like Search and Destroy will be coming soon, Thermites will be removed while more grenades will be added, implementation of three different anti-cheats is in the works and skill-based matchmaking and Nukes are confirmed.


A fresh makeover coming soon to mobile devices


All that being said, getting the Combat Master to relaunch on the Google Play Store is Alfa Bravo’s biggest priority at this point and updates will come only after that is done. If the Google Play Store remains firm on their decision, it’s likely that Combat Master would have to make a return with a fresh coat of paint.


Update: As per the latest update from the developers, Combat Master is indeed shutting down, for now from the app stores after failing the appeal against the copyright claims. The game will definitely return revamped with new features and game modes in the upcoming days. The devs also announced that people who made in-app purchases in the game can get the same items free once the new game releases.


For more Mobile Gaming news and updates, join our WhatsApp group, Telegram Group, or Discord server. Also, follow us on Google News, Instagram, and Twitter for quick updates.
