Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7000886



The Best Discord Voice Changer


Level up your party chat with Voicemod’s free voice changer for Discord. Try on voice filters to get in character for your next RPG session or just have fun and mess around with your friends! With tons of options available and growing monthly, your new voice is minutes away.


Download Voicemod for Desktop


Voicemod is a free real-time voice changer and soundboard available on both Windows and macOS. Give us your email to get Voicemod in your mailbox.


How to set up Voicemod Voice Changer with Discord


Get started with the free voice changer for Discord in 6 simple steps:



  
Download Voicemod and configure it correctly on your PC by selecting your main microphone as the input device. 
Install Discord and open it.

  
Navigate to the User Settings cog near the bottom left of the main window.

  
Go to Voice & Video and change your input device to Microphone (Voicemod Virtual Audio Device) 
In Voicemod, select the Voicebox feature on the left side of the main window.

  
Browse through our our existing sounds (or even create your own with Voicelab!) and assign them to keybinds

  
Your new voice should now be coming through your microphone signal and into Discord! Enjoy the funny voice changer!




Expansive Library of Voice Changers


Voicemod gives you the freedom to experiment with over 80 distinctive voice filters in Discord. Make people laugh with the Chipmunk or Titan voices. Turn into a musical star using autotune effects with Lil’ Mod, Magic Chords, and more. Try out holiday-themed voices such as Santa, Ghost, and the Crazy Clown. There’s something for everyone. Our voices can take a D&D game from standard to epic with ample roleplaying potential! Assign your favorites to keybinds for quick and easy access (and to swap between characters on the fly!). Link them up with your Elgato Stream Deck if you’re feeling extra fancy. Content creators, we’re talking to you!


Create your own voice


Want to get even more creative? Voicemod’s Voicelab feature allows the true voice enthusiast to take their ideas and go wild! With over 15 effects to play with, you can combine and layer them to create the perfect voice filter. Each effect features its own tweaks and sliders, offering you the ability to fine-tune your newest creation. Come up with your own or even mimic existing iconic voices.


Improve your natural voice


Tired of hearing your friends complain about your echo or uneven volume in Discord party chats? Ever wish you could fix it with minimal effort? Our Clean Voice filter can alleviate all your (and your friends’) woes by cleaning up and enhancing your vocals in a single click. No matter what microphone you use, Clean Voice promises an enhanced audio experience for all your listeners.


Looking for more?


Add even more flair to your sound by using our soundboard for Discord! And do not forget to check out Voicemod blog with tips for content creators, gamers, and streamers. Read about TikTok Voices: The Perfect Addition to Make Viral Videos or about How to Change Your Voice in our blog.


discord-mod


Here are 27 public repositories matching this topic.


 Lightcord / Lightcord 


A simple - customizable - Discord Client


 ArmCord / ArmCord 


ArmCord is a custom client designed to enhance your Discord experience while keeping everything lightweight.


 Discord-Client-Encyclopedia-Management / Discord3rdparties 


A non-exhaustive collection of third-party clients and mods for Discord.


 DiscordStyles / Slate 


An optimized, consistent, and functional theme for @discord based on GitHub's design language.


 thearkxd / discord-moderation-bot 


A simple Discord moderation bot.


 v0idzdev / bb-bot 


🤖 🔒 Fully-featured Discord bot with music, polls, memes and moderation.


 tsukasa / BdBrowser 


An unofficial BetterDiscord injector for the web client.


 spinfal / enmity-plugins 


Repo for Marek's & Spin's @enmity-mod plugins


 TFAGaming / DiscordJS-Moderation-Bot 


The best Discord Moderation bot that I have ever created, all made with discord.js version 14 and discord.js-v14-helper.


 CumcordLoaders / Browser 


Cumcord loader on Browser (Chrome, Firefox, etc)


 Dev-Sebi / Midnight 


A Discord Security Bot that prevents Scam links to be posted


 Codeartz-TEAM / v13-moderasyon 


Code Artz Ekibinin Yapmış Olduğu Ekip/Public Uyumlu Setup Sistemli Moderasyon Botudur.


 Lightcord / BetterDiscordAddons 


List of BetterDiscordAddons made by Lightcord's developers


 HypeSquad-inc / HypeSquad-inc.github.io 


HypeSquad Incorperatedn't, new home of all my discord bullfuckery and over time maybe some other stuff


 adityamangal1 / Discord-Bot 


 ssense1337 / enmity-plugins 


 olykoala / watchout 


Watchout is a utility and moderation bot for large Discord servers, designed for and with large servers and flexibility in mind.


 Henry-Hiles / kernel-package-downloader 


A package for the [kernel client mod](https://github.com/kernel-mod/) to download other packages from the #package-list channel with a single click. (Compatible with openasar)


 rexjohannes / rex-automod 


A simple AutoMod Discord Bot.


 frolleks / one-dark-discord 


Atom's One Dark theme for Discord.


Improve this page


Add a description, image, and links to the discord-mod topic page so that developers can more easily learn about it.


Add this topic to your repo


To associate your repository with the discord-mod topic, visit your repo's landing page and select "manage topics."
