Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=8727588



Doodle God™ Free


OVER 100,000,000 PLAYERS WORLDWIDE! The Power of Creation is in Your Hands. ALL NEW WIN8 VERSION. Available in 12 different languages. The BIGGEST Doodle God ever! CRITICS LOVE IT >Top 50 best seller of 2011 >TOP20 Games of the year 2011 – Ultralinx >Winner of Samsung Mobile Challenge award 2011 >”Wonderfully unique concept. Deeply satisfying!” – GameZebo.com > “It’s addictive. Insanely so! Lots of fun.” – 148Apps >”I recommend giving Doddle God a whirl.” – TouchArcade.com > “I would recommend buying it, definitely worth it!” - TouchGen > "You'll have to use your creativity…ruthlessly addictive." - Slide2Play UNLEASH YOUR IMAGINATION & BE A GOD The power of creation is in your hands! In this addictive, ALL ages, puzzle game mix and match different combinations of fire, earth, wind and air to create an entire universe! Of course the universe was not created in a single day. You will have to work your way up from a simple microorganism to create animals, tools, storms and even build armies before you have what it takes to build the universe! But beware, the power of creation may have unintended consequences, inventing the wheel might just trigger a zombie plague… Don’t worry; you are not alone on this cosmic journey! Every time you successfully create a new item you’ll be rewarded with the wit and wisdom of some of the greatest philosophers and comedians of all time. Unleash your inner god with Doodle God™! FEATURES: ✔ Now available in 12 languages: English, Dutch, French, Spain, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Portuguese, Swedish and German ✔ New Win8 “Metro” style user interface. So real you can touch it. ✔ New HD graphics for Win8! ✔ New “Puzzle” mode. Can you find the final object? ✔ New Survivor quests. Escape from a mysterious island in the middle of the ocean with 3 different endings. ✔ New 20th Century Greatest Inventions…. Now inventions for every decade of 20th century. ✔ New puzzles. Create locomotives, sky scrappers and more. ✔ New artifacts. Collect special collectible artifacts created by amazing triple reactions. ✔ New reactions with existing elements and episodes. ✔ New achievements. ✔ New Elements encyclopedia with Wikipedia links. ✔ Improved min-games for arcade fans. ✔ Mold fire, wind, earth and air to create the universe. ✔ Create 300+ advanced items and concepts. ✔ Intuitive one-click game play encourages thoughtful, creative play. ✔ Hundreds of interesting, funny and thought-provoking quotes and sayings from some of the greatest philosophers and comedians of all time. Follow us to get early access to exclusive content, price drops and updates: LIKE: www.facebook.com/doodlegod FOLLOW: www.twitter.com/joybitsmobile


Doodle God™ Free


Doodle God™ Free


Available on


Description


OVER 100,000,000 PLAYERS WORLDWIDE! The Power of Creation is in Your Hands. ALL NEW WIN8 VERSION. Available in 12 different languages. The BIGGEST Doodle God ever! CRITICS LOVE IT >Top 50 best seller of 2011 >TOP20 Games of the year 2011 – Ultralinx >Winner of Samsung Mobile Challenge award 2011 >”Wonderfully unique concept. Deeply satisfying!” – GameZebo.com > “It’s addictive. Insanely so! Lots of fun.” – 148Apps >”I recommend giving Doddle God a whirl.” – TouchArcade.com > “I would recommend buying it, definitely worth it!” - TouchGen > "You'll have to use your creativity…ruthlessly addictive." - Slide2Play UNLEASH YOUR IMAGINATION & BE A GOD The power of creation is in your hands! In this addictive, ALL ages, puzzle game mix and match different combinations of fire, earth, wind and air to create an entire universe! Of course the universe was not created in a single day. You will have to work your way up from a simple microorganism to create animals, tools, storms and even build armies before you have what it takes to build the universe! But beware, the power of creation may have unintended consequences, inventing the wheel might just trigger a zombie plague… Don’t worry; you are not alone on this cosmic journey! Every time you successfully create a new item you’ll be rewarded with the wit and wisdom of some of the greatest philosophers and comedians of all time. Unleash your inner god with Doodle God™! FEATURES: ✔ Now available in 12 languages: English, Dutch, French, Spain, Italian, Russian, Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Portuguese, Swedish and German ✔ New Win8 “Metro” style user interface. So real you can touch it. ✔ New HD graphics for Win8! ✔ New “Puzzle” mode. Can you find the final object? ✔ New Survivor quests. Escape from a mysterious island in the middle of the ocean with 3 different endings. ✔ New 20th Century Greatest Inventions…. Now inventions for every decade of 20th century. ✔ New puzzles. Create locomotives, sky scrappers and more. ✔ New artifacts. Collect special collectible artifacts created by amazing triple reactions. ✔ New reactions with existing elements and episodes. ✔ New achievements. ✔ New Elements encyclopedia with Wikipedia links. ✔ Improved min-games for arcade fans. ✔ Mold fire, wind, earth and air to create the universe. ✔ Create 300+ advanced items and concepts. ✔ Intuitive one-click game play encourages thoughtful, creative play. ✔ Hundreds of interesting, funny and thought-provoking quotes and sayings from some of the greatest philosophers and comedians of all time. Follow us to get early access to exclusive content, price drops and updates: LIKE: www.facebook.com/doodlegod FOLLOW: www.twitter.com/joybitsmobile


Screenshots


Enter your date of birth


Sign in with your Microsoft account to view. May contain mature content.


You may not access this content


 Doodle Combo Guides


Best Doodle God, Doodle Evil, Doodle Farm, and Doodle Creatures Cheat Guides



  
Doodle God Answers

  
Element Groups

  
Quest Solution

  
Puzzle Solution

  
Artifact Solution

  
Combo Search Table



  
Demon Guide

  
Puzzles Solution

  
Quest Walkthrough

  
Combo Search Table



  
Quest Walkthrough



  
Genes Look Up Table

  
Puzzle Solutions



  
Doodle Tank USSR

  
Doodle Tank Germany



  
Element Category Chart




Doodle God Answers


This page contains all of the different combos that you can encounter throughout the game. Each of the combos are interlinked to one another. This can help you to quickly narrow down the element that you need to unlock different elements. In addition, we also include the category information of each element to help you narrow down your list even faster.


With this awesome walkthrough answers and cheat sheet, you can complete your Doodle God collection in no time. The way we organized this master element sheet is by the order of when you should unlock the various elements.
