Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7265507



Flipper Zero


Flipper Zero is a portable multi-tool for pentesters and geeks in a toy-like body. It loves hacking digital stuff, such as radio protocols, access control systems, hardware and more. It's fully open-source and customizable, so you can extend it in whatever way you like.


Multi-tool Device for Geeks


The idea of Flipper Zero is to combine all the hardware tools you'd need for exploration and development on the go. Flipper was inspired by pwnagotchi project, but unlike other DIY boards, Flipper is designed with the convenience of everyday usage in mind — it has a robust case, handy buttons, and shape, so there are no dirty PCBs or scratchy pins. Flipper turns your projects into a game, reminding you that development should always be fun.


Flipper Zero is a tiny piece of hardware with a curious personality of a cyber-dolphin. It can interact with digital systems in real life and grow while you use it. Explore any kind of access control system, RFID, radio protocols, and debug hardware using GPIO pins.


2023 April Fools Event


The 2023 April Fools Event, also known as the "Super Hard Mode Update," is a temporary update that released on April 1st, 2023, in response to April Fools; as such, its general concept is a joke. Its most notable new feature within the update is the "Super Hard Mode" game mode, which, as the name implies, increases the difficulty of the standard game. This event ended on April 9th, 2023. While it will still be playable in private servers, players will not be able to earn it's completion achievement.


Contents


Overview



  
Two of the squad queues in the lobby have been replaced by queues to join SUPER HARD MODE. 

  
The SUPER HARD MODE queues have a different look, having rusty elevator doors and a red aura inside the elevator. 

  
One of the squad queues that was turned into a SUPER HARD MODE queue was also converted to a single player queue.



  
It still blows out Candles to give warnings, and still lights up the crawl spaces in the Seek chase.



  
The Guiding Light has new messages for each entity, all of which do not help the player at all, such as just emojis, or saying it's going to play a different Roblox game. It also does not spawn in dark rooms. 

  
The only thing it says something normally is "You died to who you call Bald Kreek" despite if Rush's clone isn't Bald KreekCraft.



  
Jack now wears glasses and feels surprised, paying a homage to the internet meme, "Wojak" (more specifically, the "Soyjak" variant of the meme), the original source image of Jack.

  
Bob will jump scare the player upon interaction.

  
Screech makes a different sound from usual when looked at, which is the "Why are you running?" line from the meme but sped up.

  
Banana peels are very common, tripping the player and dealing 10 damage.

  
In the reception, instead of the Door 1 key, an Evil Key replaces it, jump-scaring and killing the players upon interaction. The "real" key is on the side of a bookcase, effectively hidden, unless the player is looking for it.

  
The Library code now has 10 digits and a lot of shapes, including cat, dog, cube, smiley, eye, star, flash, moon, umbrella, etc. The Solution Paper has 11 digits, one of which the player does not need, and the rest are scrambled.

  
Hide appears significantly quicker throughout the entire game.

  
The Scanner is supposedly in the pre-run shop, costing 1,000 knobs. Trying to purchase it will only result in a sign popping up saying "OUT OF STOCK APRIL FOOLS!". The text will frequently change every time the player presses it. 

  
The same thing happens even if the player doesn't have enough Knobs.

  
The changed text from more clicks is as follows: 

  
April Fools.

  
Can you read?

  
You can't get it.

  
It's unavailable.

  
Buddy.

  
That hurts, you know!!

  
Please stop pressing me!!

  
:(

  
>:(

  
>:0

  
:3

  
0_0

  

  
D:

  
-_-

  
):

  
>:|

  
>_ 
  
(ㆆ_ㆆ)

  
≧◉▯◉≦

  
(っ＾▯＾)

  
(╥﹏╥)

  
┻━┻︵ヽ(`▯´)ﾉ︵ ┻━┻

  
Alright. I ran out of faces. Can you stop now?

  
. I'm not sure what I expected.

  
Whatever. You have fun. I'm going to bed.

  
Zzz.

  
.

  
.

  
Press me more! :3

  
Sorry, there's nothing past this.

  
I lied.

  
You pressed me 1,000 times. Congrats.

  
☻



  
The Reception will also have no Rift, regardless if the player had anything in it or not. The Rift will still be visible in normal runs.




Items


Items that are exclusive to the 2023 April Fools Event. These cannot be stored in rifts, as rifts do not exist in The Electrical Room or in The Reception.
