Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=6501455



Super Chrono Crystal & Chrono Crystal Sales On Now!


Sale Period


Please be aware that you will be unable to use Super Chrono Crystals after 11/18/2021 12:00 AM (CST) .


Super Chrono Crystal Exchange Lineup



  
Cannot be used on characters you haven't acquired yet.

  
Some characters, such as Shallot and Event-exclusive characters, cannot use Multi-Z Power.

  
Event-exclusive characters are those who have the card numbers DBL-EVT-XXX in the bottom right corner of their character details.

  
Only Multi-Z Powers that have "LEGENDS LIMITED" in their Conditions can be used on LEGENDS LIMITED characters.





  
Please be aware that you will be unable to use Super Chrono Crystals after 11/18/2021 12:00 AM (CST) .

  
The lineup, as well as the sale dates, are subject to change without prior notice.

  
The time listed in the News may be adjusted depending on the timing of the maintenance on that day.

  
It may take longer than usual to reflect your Chrono Crystal purchases during instances of high user traffic.

  
If you suspect that you are not receiving your purchases correctly because you have been using multiple store accounts, or for other reasons, please try restoring from the support menu on the title screen.




How to get Chrono Crystals in Dragon Ball Legends (Mobile)


Dragon Ball Legends is the ultimate Dragon Ball experience that you can get on your mobile device. This anime action RPG features outstanding 3D visuals to aid in telling the original story based on brand new characters. In Dragon Ball Legends, the new mysterious Saiyan, Shallot, is designed by Akira Toriyama.


Dragon Ball Legends follows Shallot, as the player helps him regain his memory with other known heroes. Everything needed to upgrade your fighters in Dragon Ball Legends will be available for sale in the game store. From legendary heroes such as Goku, Gohan, Piccolo, and Krillen, to notorious villains such as Frieza, Cell, and Majin Buu, all Dragon Ball favorites can be made better for battle. However, not everyone can afford to consistently purchase upgrades.


One major power-up Dragon Ball Legends has to offer is the Chrono Crystals. While they can be a little confusing, they do serve a rather important function in the game. The overall function of the Chrono Crystals is to double the effect of each day’s passing. This allows players to get twice the value from the other cards placed near the crystals. But how exactly does one acquire these crystals?


["Super Saiyan Goku" Is Coming!!]
Goku from "DBZ: Cooler's Revenge" supports his allies with a Special Cover Change and by recovering their health when entering battle! He also gets stronger when they're hit by Arts, allowing for incredible comebacks!



["Super Saiyan Goku" Is Coming!!]Goku from "DBZ: Cooler's Revenge" supports his allies with a Special Cover Change and by recovering their health when entering battle! He also gets stronger when they're hit by Arts, allowing for incredible comebacks!#DBLegends #Dragonball https://t.co/JI5XGMWJWR



Learning to farm Chrono Crystals in Dragon Ball Legends is a simple task. Matter of fact, the simple steps in the tutorial will help you to gain Chrono Crystals.


Dragon Ball Legends Chrono Crystal


Chrono Crystals can be gained through missions and soul boosting in Dragon Ball Legends. If you are new to the game, the best way to get it is to go through as much of the game as possible.


Dragon Ball Legends contains nine-story parts. If every challenge is completed in just one story mode, 21 crystals are acquired. Completing any challenges or quests that are available in the game is another good way to gain crystals, which Dragon Ball Legends recommends daily.


Beyond that, you can take part in Player versus Player matches within the game. These are excellent boosters for Chrono Crystals. Players that dominate these matches are ranked in the top 10,000 or 20,000 players. Those rankings earn players a decent amount of Chrono Crystals every two weeks. The top 20,000 gain 200 crystals, top 15,000 gain 500 crystals, and the top 10,000 gain 1000.


Dragon Ball Legends also gives out crystals for every daily mission and task completed. Not only that but there are other medals and prices to be attained.


Final thoughts


Whilst there are other online hacks and cheats to gain crystals, nothing beats the organic nature of gaining it yourself. Additionally, these cheats pose the possibility of you potentially being banned from the game. After hours of work put into establishing a character and developing the timeline, it would be incredibly painful to lose it all.


Dragon Ball Legends presents many opportunities for the acquisition of Chrono Crystals in a fair and organic way.
