Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=1808252



Restaurant Games


Everyone enjoys eating out at a fine restaurant - there is something fun and exciting about getting dressed up and sitting down for a meal that someone else has prepared! Every big city has a plethora of different restaurants covering a wide range of cuisines - from Italian and Indian, to Chinese and fast food. If you love food and drink, you will appreciate a quality restaurant and the effort that goes into preparing a meal. If you do love cooking and food, you can try out your skills in a range of restaurant themed browser games!This type of game can cover a range of different themes but the most common are restaurant management and cooking games. Restaurant management games allow you to build your own eatery and manage every aspect of its day to day running. Cooking games on the other hand place you in a restaurant kitchen and allow you to try out different dishes and creations. We have a fantastic range of restaurant games waiting to be played! Papas Pizzeria for example is a fun restaurant game in which you must take orders, add pizza toppings, put them in the oven, and cut the pizzas! We also have the fun Penguin Diner - the aim of this game is simple; you must serve your penguin customers and make as much profit as possible! Café Panic is another brilliant game of café management. In this title you must become a successful barista within a popular coffee shop and try to manage the customer orders and keep everyone satisfied! Finally we have The Waitress, a classic arcade game where you play as a waitress in a distinctly average cafe. Take orders from customers and do it fast to keep them happy! These are just four of our most popular restaurant games - why not check out what other fun filled titles we have to offer!


FAQ


What are the most popular Restaurant Games?


What are the best Restaurant Games to play on mobile phones and tablets?


What are some underrated Restaurant Games?


What are Restaurant Games?


Restaurant games allow you to test out you culinary and management skills in a variety of different establishments such as Pizza places and Sushi bars.


Play the Best Online Restaurant Games for Free on CrazyGames, No Download or Installation Required. 🎮 Play Sweet Shop 3D and Many More Right Now!


Dream Restaurant


Make your dreams come true in Dream Restaurant! You always dreamt of one thing. That was to open a shop that everyone likes and wants to visit. Now, it’s your time to shine and follow your dreams. Can you make everyone your royal customer?


Here is a fun strategy game for you. You will be in total control of what happens at your restaurant. Use the cursor to drag your character around. Your stickman can automatically grab the orders and serve them when you move them close to the ovens or the tables. The important thing here is to manage everything correctly and quickly. Upgrade systems, add new tables, or hire new waiters when you collect enough money. The bigger your restaurant is, the more money you will earn. In the meantime, you will be able to unlock selling different food, too. So now, let’s see how you will handle the pressure of being the boss of your own job plus working to make things better!


If you enjoyed managing your restaurant, you may also check out Healing Rush to build your own hospital!


Developer


Hihoy developed Dream Restaurant.


Release Date


Features


• Systems, and supplies to upgrade


Controls


You can click left and drag the cursor to move the character.


Dream Restaurant


Dream Restaurant is a serving game online 3d with stickmen, one unlike we've had on our website ever before, where you will physically work way more than in regular games of this genre, since you use the mouse to actually move the food around, instead of just giving commands or taking orders.


Work at your Dream Restaurant!


Use the mouse to move the stickman server around the restaurant, picking up the food that customers ask you in their thought bubbles, and then bringing it to their table, picking up the money they leave behind, and you can bet that they will give you a big tip if you work fast and smooth.


The cook will diligently make the food and as the number of customers increases, so does the money you earn, but make sure not to get overwhelmed, because if too many people leave dissatisfied, the restaurant's reputation will diminish, and you might lose the game.


Make each day more profitable than the last, and have intense fun, preparing for the day you might one day work at a real restaurant yourself. Good luck, enjoy!
