Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=4250164



Install DTS:X Ultra & DTS Headphone:X on Any Android Device


Now, most of the newly launched Android devices significantly update their processor, RAM, and display. Every company now focuses on the high-end specification with the camera. Moreover, all smartphone manufacturers want to keep their devices at the top of the performance with the high-end specification in that particular price segment. But there is another thing that hasn’t changed much, and that is the audio experience. Some manufacturer like LG takes it seriously. Here we share a guide to installing LG’s DTS:X Ultra & DTS Headphone:X surround sound on your Android device.


LG announced the DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound features with LG V30. DTS is an initial focus on home cinema use but LG uses that technology on the android device. DTS: X®Ultra is designed for gaming surround experiences, and it comes with three presets: movies, music, and games. Otherside DTS Headphone:X has almost the same engine with more features. Sound quality is one of the most important things on smartphones, so you can install DTS on your Android.


DTS:X Ultra & DTS Headphone:X


Thanks to XDA Senior Member “UltraM8” to built DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound audio mod. This mod is AML compatible so you can use it over another mod. DTS Headphone: X is a surround sound system, which can make ordinary headphones sound like surround sound or stereo virtualization, and has now been ported to Android.


This mod is suitable for


Headphone:X delivers an immersive, cinematic audio experience to your headphones. An experience that you’ve come to expect from a full, 11.1 channel surround sound movie theatre.


If audio tracks are recorded in Headphone:X surround sound, you can enjoy the full benefit of Headphone:X technology. But it can also improve the overall quality of your existing music as well.


Immerse yourself deeper in your gaming experience. Headphone:X gives you an unfair advantage by giving a new dimension to your hearing. So now you can hear your enemy before you see them.


Prerequisite:



  
Your device must be rooted with Magisk or install TWRP recovery.

  
You need to have Android 9 Pie or above Running on your device.




Download DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound


Install DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound


Magisk



  
Download DTSX_Ultra.zip from the above downloads section.

  
Open the Magisk Manager on your phone.

  
Go to the Modules section.

  
Tap on the “+” sign.

  
Now navigate to the DTSX_Ultra.zip file you downloaded earlier.

  
The flashing will start. Once it’s done, reboot the smartphone.




TWRP



  
Download the DTSX_Ultra.zip file and copy it to your phone.

  
Now switch off your smartphone and turn it into Recovery Mode.

  
Then go to the ” backup ” option and backup system partition and swipe at the bottom to create a backup.

  
Then back to the main menu and select “Install”.

  
Now navigate to the downloaded file (‘DTSX_Ultra.zip’) and select ‘Install’.

  
Once the process is completed, reboot your device and enjoy.




You may also like:


How to Install DTS X Ultra and DTS Headphone X on Any Android Mobile


Smartphones have been progressing year over a year quite rapidly. The flagship smartphones of 2019 have more power than even some computers. The cameras on smartphones are capable of giving DSLRs a run for their money and what not. But there’s one aspect of smartphones which hasn’t evolved much over the last few years. While some of you may not have a single clue about what we’re referring to, some of you might have already guessed that we’re talking about the audio experience on smartphones.


Except for LG, none of the other major smartphone manufacturers have given a serious thought on improving the audio experience. LG, on the other hand, introduced the DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound features with the launch of LG V30 smartphone. The DTS:X® Ultra feature is designed to improve the gaming and XR/VR experiences with support for multi-channel, Static, and object-based audio. There are 3 main presets in DTS:X Ultra for movies, music, and games. It shares pretty much the same engine as the Headphone:X with some extra stuff on top. Here is the main Presets in DTS:X.



  
Movies: Headphone:X delivers an improved and immersive audio experience to your headphones.

  
Music: It improves the overall quality of your existing music.

  
Games: Headphone:X drastically improves your gaming experience. You can even hear your enemy before you actually see them, which can be helpful in games like PUBG and Fortnite.




Now thanks to the XDA Senior Member UltraM8 you can get the features on your Android smartphone as well. So far, without any further ado, let’s quickly take a look at how you can download and install DTS:X Ultra, and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound on your Android smartphone. Also, read How to install DOLBY ATMOS APK on Android.


Download DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound


Download the DTSX_Ultra Zip file and save it to the internal storage of your smartphone.


Install DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound


Requirements



  
A rooted Android device with Magisk systemless framework installed.

  
Android 9.0 Pie or above.

  
TWRP recovery ( Preferred) or any other custom recovery installed.

  
Permissive kernel.




Method 1: Using Magisk


Step 1. Open the Magisk Manager app and then go to the modules section with the help of side menu drawer.


Step 2. Now tap on the floating + button at the bottom of the screen.


Step 3. Navigate to the Zip file that you downloaded earlier and select it to install it.


Step 4. Wait for the installation process to finish.


Step 5. Once the installation process is done, tap on the Reboot button to reboot your device.


 Method 2: Using TWRP 


Note – Take a full backup of your device before proceeding.


Step 1. Boot your device into recovery mode.


Step 2. Select the Install option from the TWRP main menu and navigate to the zip file you downloaded earlier.


Step 3. Select the DTSX_Ultra.zip and then swipe at the bottom to flash it.


Step 4. Wait for the process to process to finish.


Step 5. Once it’s done, Tap on the Reboot system.


Voila! Nou can now enjoy the DTS Headphone:X sound on your Android device. So grab the best pair of headphones you got and check the difference.


Install DTS:X Ultra & DTS Headphone:X on Any Android Device


Smartphone displays have improved significantly over the years. As have the processor speeds, and overall specs. A couple of things haven’t changed all that much. The battery, of course, as everyone might have guessed. But there’s another thing that hasn’t changed much and it’s the audio experience. Some OEMs take it more seriously than others. But if you have root, you can install LG’s DTS:X Ultra & DTS Headphone:X surround sound on your Android device.


LG originally announced the DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound features for the LG V30. DTS:X® Ultra is designed for gaming and XR/VR experiences with support for static, multi-channel and object-based audio. There are 3 main presets: for movies, music, and games. It shares pretty much same engine as Headphone:X with extra stuff on top. XDA Senior Member UltraM8 decided to port the said feature to other Android devices, so he did. In his own words, “DTS:X Ultra is aimed to bring spatial audio to any smartphone.”


DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound AML compatibility


UltraM8‘s DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound port is AML compatible too so you don’t have to worry if you’re already using another mod. On Android, you will find a variety of Audio Mods each with a different take on how to better improve the sound that comes out of a device.


Some of these audio mods are universal, i.e. work with every smartphone running a particular version of Android, while some are device or ROM specific. Also, these mods might be dependent on making changes to the same library files.


So if you install more than one audio mod, there’s a good chance it will result in a conflict breaking one of the two or both. This is where AML comes in. The Audio Modification Library Framework does not do anything in itself but provide a base for other developers to build their audio mods on top of. This means Magisk modules built utilizing the AudioModLib framework only will work without conflicting with other mods.


Suitable for



  
Movies: Headphone:X delivers an immersive, cinematic audio experience to your headphones. An experience that you’ve come to expect from a full, 11.1 channel surround sound movie theater.

  
Music: If audio tracks are recorded in Headphone:X surround sound, you can enjoy the full benefit of Headphone:X technology. But it can also improve the overall quality of your existing music as well.

  
Games: Immerse yourself deeper in your gaming experience. Headphone:X gives you an unfair advantage by giving a new dimension to your hearing. So now you can hear your enemy before you see them.




Download DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound


Requirements



  
A rooted Android device with the Magisk systemless framework installed.

  
Android 9.0 Pie or above.

  
It’d be preferable if the device is running stock Android or something close to it.

  
The device must have TWRP recovery or any other custom recovery installed.

  
Permissive kernel.




Warning


Installing mods that require root can end up messing your system. Although the mod discussed here is rather harmless and shouldn’t cause any serious issues if any issues at all, be warned that DroidViews or anyone else can’t be held responsible for your actions.


Install DTS:X Ultra and DTS Headphone:X Surround Sound


Magisk



  
Open Magisk Manager and head over to the modules section using the side menu drawer.

  
Here, tap on the floating + button at the bottom.

  
Navigate to the downloaded zip file and select it to install it.

  
Once installed, tap on the Reboot button to reboot your device.




TWRP



  
Reboot your device into recovery mode. Before proceeding any further now would be a good time to create a backup, just in case. To do this, select Backup, check the system partition and swipe at the bottom to create a backup. This will backup only your device’s system partition, which is what the mod will be modifying. If you want you can create a full NANDroid back up by selecting all the partitions, although it will take a lot longer.

  
Select Install from the TWRP main menu and navigate to the downloaded zip file.

  
Select DTSX_Ultra.zip and swipe at the bottom to flash it.

  
Tap on the Reboot system button that appears after the process is complete.




Congrats! You can now enjoy DTS Headphone:X surround sound on your Android device. Try it with your phone’s headphone to feel the difference it brought to your phone’s audio quality.
