Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=5498449



Egg, Inc.


Egg, Inc. - an interesting time-killer, in which the player is invited to develop the economy, raising chickens and upgrade the farm. Gameplay project is a clicker with a bit of economic strategy. To obtain the gaming currency you just need to click on the screen. Unlike other representatives of the genre is rampant clicking on the display can end in a screeching halt in work on the farm.


You need to keep the balance of the incubator and the coops. Income from production you need to invest. On the farm there is always equipment in need of modernization. For example, to increase the speed of collecting eggs can supply automatic silos. Over time, it will not be superfluous to purchase new equipment and upgrade old.


There is also the possibility to switch from chicken eggs to quail and get even more money. Egg, Inc. - great arcade game with beautiful 3D graphics that can help pass the time in a long queue or in the subway.


Mod info:
- license check is disabled
- free in-app purchases


Attention! This game is designed for devices with ARM64 CPU (AArch64, arm64-v8a). You will not be able to install the modification on a device with a 32-bit processor.


Egg Inc.


Egg, Inc. is an incremental game where you run a chicken farm. You have to manage absolutely everything when it comes to your farm: from the hatching of eggs and the purchasing of chickens to the vehicles that transport the eggs.


The gameplay in Egg, Inc. is very close to that of any other incremental game. To start, you have to tap the screen constantly to hatch eggs and 'create' chickens. Later on, you can unlock improvements to help you minimize the number of times you have to tap the screen.


To unlock improvements, you obviously need money. And to earn money, you need eggs. Getting money from your eggs is a many-step process, however. For example, you need to buy and improve the trucks that distribute the eggs, but you also need to buy and improve granaries.


Egg, Inc. is an excellent incremental game with a simple yet fun gameplay plus very good graphics. Building the chicken farm of your dreams won't be easy, exactly, but it's sure to be highly entertaining.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information
