Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=8387846



Facebook iPhone


The social network par excellence, now on your iPhone


Technology has come a long way since the arrival of Mark Zuckerberg's social network around 2005. Before we usually accessed Facebook from our PC's browser, but now it's almost unthinkable not to do so from a mobile application. In this case, we want to introduce you to the official FB client for iOS devices.


With this app downloaded and installed on your iPhone, you'll obviously be able to access all the usual functions of the web version, but with the added value of mobility and being able to check your account and all the movements on your timeline when and wherever you want, as well as receiving activity notifications on your phone's home screen.


Essential to keep up with everything going on in your friends' lives.
 


But beware, the mobile version of this social network isn't perfect: it takes up a lot of space on our smartphone and usually eats up all our battery, but its advantages beat the disadvantages. But if you still think it consumes too many resources you can always turn to the Lite version. Oh no, you've got an iPhone. Bad luck.


What can I do with this version of Facebook for iPhone and iPad?


As we said earlier, you can carry on doing all the usual things you'd carry out on the ordinary version, but now from a much smaller screen:



  
Access your account, change your profile and cover photos and modify your personal details.

  
Update your status and say where you are by means of the Check-in function.

  
Share live videos by means of streaming from your iPhone's camera in order to broadcast important events.

  
Upload photos, share links, and tag friends.

  
Receive notifications about any publication in which you've been mentioned.

  
Explore your timeline to find out what your friends have published, said, or done.

  
Comment on your contact's publications or posts by any user with an open wall.

  
Like whatever post you want with the corresponding button.

  
Express other feelings by means of the reaction buttons: Love, Haha, Wow, Sad or Angry.

  
Have a go at games optimized for mobile phones and flood your contacts with requests for Candy Crush and Clash of Clans.

  
Take part in contests organized by different brands on their social networks.




You'll probably miss the possibility to chat privately with friends or groups of friends, but now the instant messaging functions have been dissociated from the application to become exclusive to Messenger, another app that's a big must on any worthy smartphone or tablet.


What's new in the latest version


Requirements and additional information:



  
Minimum operating system requirements: iOS 13.4

  
Compatible with: 

  
iPhone

  
iPad

  
iPod touch




A Telecommunications Engineer, chance led me to the translation industry, where after a few years, I discovered another side of the world of technology while translating what others were writing about mobile applications and software. That.


Facebook Messenger for iOS


Facebook Messenger is a free online messaging platform developed by Facebook, Inc. The company recently updated the app for iOS devices, and shrunk the previously heavy app, into a quarter of its size. While the stripped version has all the essential features, it has also included a few new ones such as dark mode, group video calling, GIF support, and more.


Connect to a billion users worldwide


The mobile chat application offers complete messaging services, including video calling, stickers, secret messages, and payments. According to the company, the iOS version of Messenger is lightweight and more responsive than before. While the app’s original white color with a pop of blue remains, a lot of other things have changed.


Clean and simple interface


The first thing that will strike you about Messenger for iOS is that only two tabs are remaining on the app - Chats and People. While the first tab allows you to return to your conversations, it also lets you compose new texts or check out stories from the top-panel.


The second tab, People, is divided into two sub-tabs and serves as the only reminder of Messenger’s original clutter. The first tab consists of stories posted by your contacts in the past 24 hours, and the second consists of a list of your friends currently active.


While the app lets you get creative with emoticons, camera filters, stickers, and GIFs, it no longer lets you play games with your friends. However, the great thing is that you can use the Messenger application to share your location, send money, and enjoy group video chats.


New and improved features


Though many features have been removed from Messenger, a few good ones have been added. While you can use the search tab to find anyone, from friends to businesses, the Discover tab is no longer available.


Messenger’s menu section offers some new features like payments, privacy settings, dark mode, and message requests. The menu also consists of a ‘people’ setting, which allows you to browse through your contacts, including the ones you have blocked.


Where can you run this program?


You can easily download and run Facebook Messenger on your iPhone. Moreover, you don’t need a Facebook account to use the platform; you can log in using your mobile number. In case you already have an account on Fb, you don’t have to share your number to use Messenger.


Is there a better alternative?


While the latest version of the app is pretty good, it does have strong competition. If you’re looking for alternatives, you may want to check out Apple Messages, WhatsApp, or Signal.


Our take


Messenger’s updated version for iOS devices offers a complete messaging package without unnecessary fluff. It is an excellent mobile chat application considering most people in the world already use Facebook.


Should you download it?


If you’re looking for an application to get in touch with your mates from school, college, or office, this is a must-have platform. Moreover, the latest update has also ensured that users can easily use it as their primary messaging application.



  
Free to download and use

  
Lightweight and more responsive

  
Unnecessary features removed

