Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=1591814



Facetune for iOS


With Facetune, you can choose from a variety of specialized editing tools to completely change the way you look. You can also fine-tune your selfies and add some serious glamour to your facial features.


Image edits that can trick your eyes



You can use this app to whiten your teeth, change your hair color, and look younger, all in a convincing way.



With this intuitive editing tool you apply filters and special effects after you take a picture. You can select and separate specific parts of your face to modify. For instance, if you’re interested in a wider smile, use the “smile tool.”


The straightforward features are simple to navigate and make it easy to produce professional and neat edits.


Facetune picks up a face in an image and highlights it on your screen. Once this process is complete, you can make the changes that you want to. You can’t alter animals faces, but you can make multiple edits at one time.


There are also a variety of different tools you can use to touch-up, crop, or enhance images that need the finishing touch. With Facetune, you can change the brightness, contrast, and sharpness in a picture. You can add special effects like rainbow coloring or adjust the color hue of the photo for a more natural look.


The application works best on images that you take in daylight. Pictures with low light seldom work with Facetune.


If you take a selfie using Facetune, you can apply changes that you want even before you take the photo. There are a few limits, however. Although there’s a range of editing tools to use, you can’t touch-up gray hair.


Where can you run this program?


This application runs on iOS 9.0 and later.


Is there a better alternative?


No. Facetune has a wide variety of high-end tools to create magazine-ready images. Pixlr is another great editing choice, but it’s limited to simple adjustments.


Our take


Facetune boasts some of the most advanced methods for image alteration out there. This really is the only app where you can tap your screen and drastically change the way you look with little to no effort. Its smooth interface is an added bonus.


Should you download it?


Yes. If you’re looking for an app to make quick and impressive changes to your pictures, this is a great choice.


Facetune2 MOD APK v2.17.0.7-free (VIP Unlocked)


The description of Facetune2 MOD APK v2.17.0.7-free (VIP Unlocked)


Explore this Article


With the improved smartphone camera hardware, it’s getting more and more convenient for people to start taking beautiful pictures with their mobile devices. However, the detailed and realistic images also expose your certain blemishes on the face, which isn’t what you would like to see.


So for the sake of your Instagram or Facebook uploads, it’s always nice to have a useful photo editing tool, which can effectively perform impressive retouches on your faces. Thus, giving you a natural and more polished selfie.


And speaking of which, Android users will certainly find themselves completely satisfied with this interesting application from Lightricks, as it allows you to effectively customize your appearances and even facial expressions. Therefore, turning your selfies into real pieces of art with stunning visual impressions and details.


Find out more about the awesome mobile app with our complete reviews.


What does it do?


For those of you who’re interested in the art of retouching and photo editing, you’ll certainly find Facetune2 being a powerful and impressive mobile app when it comes to beautifying your selfies or portrait photos. Feel free to make uses of the included tools and effects as you perform your incredible photo edits and retouches on any of the selected portraits.


Moreover, the awesome app will provide you with an entire makeup and plastic surgery kit for you to fully customize your selected characters. Feel free to choose your selfies or portrait images and start to apply the interesting effects to blow away blemishes, reshape the facial structures, or enjoy tons of interesting makeup options. Feel free to experiment and play with the awesome in-app features.


And most importantly, you don’t have to be a pro to start enjoying the awesome mobile application. Instead of wasting your time getting to know all the complex features and editing options, Android users in Facetune2 can now explore the beautiful retouches using many of the preset settings in Facetune2. Hence, you’ll find it relatively easy to beautify your characters.


Requirements


And if you’re interested in the app, it’s totally possible for Android users to start enjoying Facetune2 on their mobile devices for absolutely free. As a result, you can easily find the app available on the Google Play Store, no payment required. Just simply download and start to enjoy it whenever you want.


However, since it’s a freemium application, there will definitely be ads and in-app purchases for you to unlocked. Hence, if you wish to enjoy the fully-featured application of Facetune2, you’ll need to pay certain payments.


Also, make sure that you’re running the app on your phones with the latest firmware being installed. And preferably, Android version 7.0 or above are recommended to make sure that all features work properly on your devices.


And lastly, you’ll need to provide a set of certain Android permissions to allow the app to better function on your system. These include the camera, storage, internet, and a few other permissions, which will make it easier for you to enjoy the in-app features.


Awesome features


Here are all the exciting features that the app has to offer:


A simple and powerful tool for editing your selfies and photos


To start with, Android users in Facetune2 can enjoy themselves with this simple and powerful tool of photo editing and selfie retouching, thanks to many of its accessible and useful features. Feel free to load up images from your storage and gallery, or take your own pictures with the provided camera from Facetune2 and proceed to edit them as soon as you’re ready.


With the tool, you can enjoy beautiful selfie retouches which will effectively turn your images into awesome pieces of work. Moreover, it’s also possible for you to enjoy the stunning photo editing experiences with all of your selected images, not just for portraits and selfies. Feel free to make uses of the useful tools and effects that are provided in Facetune2 as you enjoy the app to the fullest.


Perform stunning retouches of your selfies with multiple filters and adjustable backgrounds, which will provide an awesome overall visual impression. Upgrade your photos and give the selected characters a fashionable look. And once you’re done editing, feel free to compare the before & after works, which will show you exactly how much you’ve changed, using the app.


Explore the awesome makeups and surgeries


Also, for those of you who’re interested in the art of makeups and plastic surgeries, you can freely try out whichever visual customizations that you want in Facetune2, which will allow Android users to fully immerse themselves into the photo editing experiences.


Start by exploring the available retouch options which will easily beautify the selected characters with unique filters and effects. You can then work the makeup brushes on any of the selected features of the face, thus, making them look in certain ways as planned. Try out whichever styles of makeup that you’ve always wanted, and see how much you’ve changed.


Put on a certain base layer that you want to have on the face using the provided Base tool. Get the shadows in place so your face will look more defined in any angle. Make uses of the Liner to get your eyes more pop. Add a little blush effects to make the face livelier. And finish things up with certain Glitter of your choices. The awesome mobile app offers its impressive makeup experiences that most girls would love.


And at the same time, feel free to explore the powerful Reshape option so you can easily adjust and tweak certain facial features on the portraits and selfies. Simply crop, blur, and refine the images before you get to the final beautiful works. Also, the available Details will allow you to enhance and brighten your certain features. Thus, giving the images a more powerful and engaging impression.


Get rid of all blemishes on the faces


If you’re afraid to take selfies because of the annoying pimples and blemishes that are running your faces, it’s totally possible for Android users to get rid of these unwanted features of the face with the advanced retouch tools in Facetune2. Feel free to remove any of these in just a few seconds, and at the same time, have your skins soften so you would look more natural and lively in your selfies or portrait photos.


Smooth and beautify your skins


For those of you who’re interested, it’s also possible for you to take care of your skins in Facetune2, using the awesome beautify features that the app provides. Simply move the airbrush on certain areas of the skins so they would look smoother and softer. And at the same time, getting rid of the oily skin that are dirtying your images. Moreover, you can also cover the raw edits from the previous stage, thus, making the entire image look more realistic.


Join the online community and have fun


Also, if you wish to enjoy the awesome mobile app more, you can simply join its online community and join other Facetune2 users in many of the introduced beauty trends. Have fun making up your portraits to whichever styles that you are interested in. Share your images online or get inspired by others. And who knows, your picture could get recognized by users from all over the world, should the get featured in the app’s ranking.


Enjoy the unlocked app with our mod


For those of you who’re interested in having access to their complete in-app experiences, you can now enjoy the modified version of the app on our website. Feel free to enjoy the fully-featured selfie editing too as you wish, and explore more options as you dive deep into it. Just download the Facetune2 Mod APK on our website, follow the provided instructions, and you’ll be good to go.


Final verdicts


If you find the standard photo editing apps like Adobe Lightroom and Photo Editor Pro aren’t enough for your selfie edits, then the powerful and portrait-oriented photo editing application of Facetune2 would certainly come in handy. With its powerful and impressive selfie editing features, you can have beautiful edits of your photos, in which, all your facial features are properly enhanced. And most importantly, with the modified app currently available on our website for absolutely free, you can easily complete your ultimate photo editing trio without having to pay anything.


How to get Facetune AI Photo/Video Editor for Free (No risks)


Without being a professional photographer, you can create magic. At least, that's what the Facetune2 Editor  by Lightricks promises you.


This app allows you to fix any blemish you don't want from your photos. It has a collection of improved features and new filters and Light FX to make pictures glow.


You can smoothen, defocus and tweak any photo at all. Also, you can reshape, patch, and play around with details till you find something you like.


Facetune2 can improve any photo with its simple retouching tools. The app assures you that you will never wonder how to take a good selfie again.


To use this app is easy. Click on the photo drawer at the top of your screen.


Then, choose an album from your gallery. Select an image and start editing.


Does Facetune2 Editor have a Free Trial?


Facetune2 Editor offers free trials to eligible users. This trial lasts for seven days after which your subscription will start.


It allows you access to the features you will get as a VIP subscriber. After this trial, you can then decide to follow through with a subscription or not.


Official Screenshots


 Available Subscription Plans 


Facetune2 has a free plan and an unlimited access membership plan. They bill these subscriptions, every month, twice a year, and once a year.


It all depends on the subscription model that you choose. You can also opt for the one-time payment plan. Unlimited access starts at $5.99.



  
The Free Plan: This app is free to download on ios and Android devices. It gives users access to a few of its tools. Yet, to enjoy full benefits, you need to move to a VIP subscription.

  
VIP Plan: These subscriptions give users full access to all features and tools on the app. The difference between different VIP plans is in how long the VIP access is for. You can pay for unlimited access, so you don't have to pay ever again.




 Which Plan Is Best For Me? 


Only you can determine your needs and what works for you. Earlier, we outlined and discussed the available plans and how they work.


Look at the requirements and the features you'll get from each. This will help you to make a decision that favors you.


 Steps to get the Facetune2 Editor Free Trial 


The free trial is only available when you activate a subscription. It is available for seven days and here's how to use it:



  
First, open the app on your mobile device

  
Locate the toolbar

  
Tap on the 'Subscribe' button

  
Select a plan that works best for you




This way, you upgrade to a VIP plan which gives you full access and a free trial. Your subscription starts to run once your trial end.


So, cancel your trial at least 24 hours before it ends. This is if you don't want to continue with the subscription.


Get a completely Free Trial with Justuseapp Privacy Cards 


Companies love the bait and switch game by getting you to sign up for a free trial and charging you for a full subscription when you least expect.


Justuseapp gives you a Facetune AI Photo/Video Editor free trial credit card to signup for Facetune2 Editor without risks of getting charged when the trial expires or if you forget to unsubscribe on time.


Why you'll love our card: 



  
Our Virtual Cards are Bank-issued

  
100% Valid

  
100% Legal and

  
Will pass all authorizations (cvc/cvv, address, proof of funds) by Facetune2 Editor.

  
Set spending limits, freeze card, etc

  
Approves only charges authorized by you.




And the best part, if you trust Facetune AI Photo/Video Editor and want to continue the relationship, you can fund your Card at anytime and pay for the full Subscription. 
Justuseapp Privacy Cards can be funded with upto $1,500 every month. We'll also help you monitor upto 500 subscriptions and free trials so you never loose money again.


 **Start monitoring your subscribed apps and payments today!** 


 How To Cancel Facetune2 Editor Free Trial 


Canceling your free trial will depend on the kind of device you used to subscribe. The Facetune2 Editor by Lightricks is not available on desktop computers. This means that there is no web browser version of the app right now.


Here are a few steps to help you cancel your free trial on available devices:


 iOS 



  
Go to your settings app

  
Tap your Apple ID icon

  
Scroll down and click ‘Subscriptions

  
Click on the Facetune subscription

  
Select ‘Cancel Subscription’




You may not see the cancel subscription button. This means that it has already ended.


 Android 


For your android devices, uninstalling the app will not cancel the subscription. You need to go through some steps which we will provide below:



  
From your Android device, open the Google Play Store.

  
Make sure you’re signed in to the correct Google Account.

  
Click on Menu

  
Then, select Subscriptions.

  
Click on Facetune2 Editor by Lightricks.

  
Select ‘Cancel subscription’.

  
Follow the prompts to complete the process




Once you have removed this subscription from your google play, all charges will stop.


 Canceling this subscription means you can no longer enjoy the free trials. 


You will have to subscribe again to enjoy all the features. 
