Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=18414



Fallout Shelter’s free unlimited Lunch Box glitch/cheat, no hacks required


Fallout Shelter is a new game for the iOS, soon to be Android, and unlike many others, it does not have paywalls or timers, really. There is something that you can buy though, called lunch boxes, that contains a random assortment of legendary dwellers, cards, and other goodies. You can purchase them, but there is a way to get free lunch boxes without having to spend a dime, for as long as you wish. Read on to find out how to get unlimited free lunch boxes in Fallout Shelter!


So what this involves is, essentially, keeping the game in tutorial mode forever. During the tutorial you will get lunch boxes far more frequently from quests, but once you complete a certain specific set of objectives, then tutorial mode will officially end. You have to refrain from completing two specific quests in order to make the game stay in tutorial mode.


As you make your way through the tutorial, you will come across the objectives that have you do the following. One of them is to equip a dweller with an item, and the other is to sell an item. If you let these quests sit there in perpetuity, the game will stay in tutorial mode, and the tutorial quests will loop over and over. You can still equip dwellers but you can’t tap the collection buttons for your objective rewards.


The looped quests are to collect 50 food, collect 50 water, and level up a dweller. These quests will rotate between giving you caps and giving you one lunch box, but most of the time it will be a lunch box. Just keep completing these three objectives over and over and collecting lunch boxes.


Now, if you get sick of doing this trick and you want to move on to other quests, you can always collect the rewards for “equip a dweller” and “sell an item” and the tutorial will end. The challenge will return to the game (it will be sorely lacking in tutorial mode).


If the tutorial somehow ends before you pull off this glitch, then start another vault and try it or leave behind the other tutorial missions, such as the one where you rush a room. Once you start getting the “collect 50 water/food/level a dweller” quests, then don’t collect for ANY OTHER QUEST besides that one.


Fallout Shelter Tips & Tricks: 2 Glitches You Can Exploit to Get Unlimited Bottle Caps, Lunchboxes and More


Right now, we’re still waiting for Fallout Shelter to come to Android devices, but for now, this exciting Bethesda title is only available for the iPhone and iPad. And being that it’s such a huge hit for Apple device owners, we’d guess that you’ve been playing it for about a couple of weeks now and know what it’s all about – building a community of Dwellers living in a futuristic vault. And we’ve been giving you all sorts of tips and tricks through our Fallout Shelter strategy guides.


This next one is not a strategy guide per se, but it points out a couple of in-game glitches that could allow you to earn unlimited bottle caps, lunchboxes, and more. Go try ‘em out before Bethesda nerfs, or patches them!


The Time Lapse Cheat Still Works


Granted, this is the proverbial “oldest trick in the book” – it’s a cheat that can be used in so many ways for so many games. By advancing your phone or tablet’s time by the required number of hours, you can do several things faster in Fallout Shelter.


Specifically, the best trick here is to dispatch your strongest Dwellers and equip them with your best weapons and outfits as they explore the Wasteland. Alter the time on your device’s Settings by one day, which will expedite this, and other timed events. These would also include other timed events, such as building new rooms in your vault. Once you return to the game after doing the time lapse cheat, you should see a good number of new items in your vault, as well as several tasks completed. Just be sure you revive any fallen Dwellers once they return from their trip to the Wasteland, and change the time back to normal.


The Tutorial Mode Glitch


This would be best exploited when you’re creating a new Vault. After creating the Vault, you’ll kick off Tutorial mode, which will have you equip a Dweller with an item, and sell an item – just two basic quests. Do not do either of these things – instead, collect 50 pieces each of food and water, level up a Dweller, and get caps and lunchboxes for your troubles. You’ll remain in Tutorial mode for as long as you don’t equip anyone or sell anything, so you can keep repeating the process until you’ve got enough items.
