Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=2367226



Does anybody have any tips how to get xp fast?


I see people 5-manning on spike rush. Doing teamkills per round makes it end in like 2 minutes. 1k exp per 2 minutes. An average unrated game lasts 35minutes just to net you 4.5k exp on average. If you take a look at it, 5-manning spike rush and killing teammates in spawn will only take you 8 minutes to get 4k exp. For me, this is kinda an abuse to the system. don't @ me.


Is this against the rules if you do this as a 5 man team? I had such opponents today and MY teammates wanted to report them. But we'll it only took a few minutes and I got free exp, so i didnt care about reporting them.


Just wondering if you could get banned because I don't think that's game breaking or something


tbh play unrated and try to drag out the game or play comp


patiently spam spike rush


do the weeklies, dailies, drag out unrated games, xp farm spike rush because win or lose you get 1K xp. (and by xp farm i don’t mean throw . just play as normal.)


I already completed all my weeklies and dailies and im doing spike rush but still it takes so long


About Community


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .


How to Level Up Fast In Valorant: Max Your Battle Pass Quickly


To level up fast in Valorant, you need to know how the game’s XP system works and play the right game modes for the most XP if you are short on time. Valorant’s Episode 2 Act 3 is expected to launch very soon and if you have been struggling to max out your current battle pass, here is a quick guide on how to level up fast in Valorant. Regular players do not have to worry about levelling up much as they get enough XP to complete their battle passes very quickly. But if you have limited time per day, this is what you need to do to level up fast in Valorant.


How to Level Up Fast in Valorant: XP System


If you are wondering how to level up fast in Valorant, here’s a quick look at how XP works in the game.



  
XP is determined by the number of rounds won

  
Individual performance does not affect XP

  
Each round played offers 100 XP

  
Winning a round adds a bonus 200 XP

  
Weekly Missions offer 12000 XP

  
Daily Missions offer 2000 XP




If you play the game a lot, you can complete the Episode battle passes very quickly. However, if you want to make the most use out of your time you should focus on completing the daily and weekly quests as they offer the most XP and help you level up fast in Valorant.


Which Game Mode Should You Play to Level Up Fast in Valorant


Spike Rush and the standard 5v5 game modes are the preferred means of earning XP for most players. While Spike Rush matches do not last long and allow you to secure some quick wins, the XP gains are not worth it in comparison to the standard mode. Riot Games has adjusted the XP gains system to reward the amount of time spent. If you want to rank up fast in Valorant, you should stick to Unrated to Ranked.


This is subject to change with the introduction of limited-time modes during the season which might offer better XP gains. But even though the standard game mode is more time consuming, the higher XP gains make levelling up much more convenient. Here is a rundown of how to level up fast in Valorant



  
Play Unrated/Ranked matches

  
Focus on Weekly and Daily Missions

  
Winning matches rewards the most XP outside of quests

