Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7958199



Fireboy and Watergirl 5: Elements


Fireboy and Watergirl continues with brand new Elements chapter. You are going to collect diamonds, you are going to solve puzzles and you are going to get these two little cute characters to the exit door. The things what make this chapter different is, inside of the game, each temple has its own element. For instance, you are going to enter the fire temple with fire element or you are going to enter the wind temple with wind element. Of course the elements are not limited like this. A very long adventure awaits you! Let's get it started!


GAME CONTROLS:


Watergirl: "W,A,S,D"


Fireboy: "ARROW KEYS" 


Full Gameplay Walkthrough


© 2008 - 2023 
TwoPlayerGames.org is an initiative of RHM Interactive OÜ 
Tallinn, Estonia 
VAT: EE 102120545


Fireboy and Watergirl 5 - Elements


Fireboy and Watergirl 5 - Elements is the fifth and at the moment the final part of the popular series of games for two players about young travelers discovering the secrets of mysterious temples. This time Fireboy and Watergirl move between different temples, including those already visited in previous installments of the series. You'll also explore completely new places like temples of fire, water, and air.


The four previous parts of the game have introduced an enormous amount of mechanisms that will make your travel through visited temples quite difficult. "Elements" contains all of them and combines them creating the most significant challenge with which you will face. The most important thing is to never mix fire and water. Both characters will not hurt each other, but any other source of their opposite element will end their journey immediately. Fireboy must avoid water lakes, and the Watergirl cannot touch the lava. Also, both should watch out for the green goo. As you remember from previous games, Fireboy and Watergirl can move objects and activate different switches. Thanks to that they can change the angle of light beams and direct them to detectors or activate crystal portals that will teleport them to a completely different place. Also, they will again have to face chambers covered with snow and ice, which limit some movements of them.


You can control your characters using cursors (Fireboy) or keys A, W, D (Watergirl). It's possible to play alone, but it may be tough. Playing together with a friend or a family member will give you much more joy and satisfaction in achieving your goals together!


Unlike its predecessors, this version is available only in HTML version and from time to time displays the ads emitted by its creator. Adobe Flash is less and less used in games because new technologies like HTML are much more efficient and safe, and above all, it doesn't require additional plugins for your browser.


If you haven't played previous games of Fireboy and Watergirl series before, you'll find them all below. If this is your first contact with this game, it's worth to start an adventure from the first game, Fireboy and Watergirl in The Forest Temple.
