Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9686508



Five Nights at Freddy's World for Windows 


This is not what Five Nights at Freddy’s fans wanted


Five Nights at Freddy's World is a turn-based RPG, and a spin-off of the famous Five Nights at Freddy’s (FNAF) saga. Are we facing an interesting adventure or highly conceptual product? All signs point to no.


A promising dream that doesn’t work


On paper, Five Nights at Freddy's World seems like a strange dream for series fans: you can control up to 40 characters and explore an unusually twee fantasy world. Forget any horror. The only creepy things is that as you explore the world it begins to rot and degrade. So, it your mission to find the source of glitches, bugs, and monsters.


The problem is that FNAF World is a disappointment in every way. The main mission has no clear objective, and offers no guide or plot to justify your actions. Your lack of direction becomes even more frustrating because it is difficult to find glitches and errors, with their visual effects being lost in the environment’s garish stages.


It’s a sense of bewilderment that is repeated in the battle system, which in an RPG is everything. In Five Nights at Freddy's World there are no descriptions for the attacks. What does this thing do, is it an attack, a healing move, defensive… no one knows!


The other big issue with battles is that there is no strategy. Just spam any skill you want until you win. Or lose. Everything is limited to "pound that button over and over again". And the only time that it doesn’t work is in the late game or when facing a boss.


A boring world


The story is confusing, battles are boring. But what about the world? Does it at least deserve to be explored? NOPE. Remember the creepy Halloween Edition FNAF game? Five Nights at Freddy's World is practically identical. The designs of the animatronics are ugly, the animation is poor, and there are hardly any secrets or incentives to encourage you to discover what lies ahead.


The icing on this disappointment is how to recruit Freddy, Girl, and company: it is completely random. Text suddenly appears declaring that "Someone is coming!" and then you are battling a new animatronic. If you win, it joins your team.


The problem is you don’t feel you've won through any skill. Unless you lose of course, at which point you just feel that it was because your opponent was over-leveled. It’s a horrible game of roulette.


Is our pestering for Five Nights at Freddy's 5 to blame for this?


I hate to say it, because in theory this is the last game in the series, but FORGET Five Nights at Freddy's World. It's boring, confusing, and ugly. If you miss the series, I recommend you return to Five Nights at Freddy's 4 or FNAF 3. Both represent the pinnacle of this horror franchise.


The only scary thing about FNAF World is that we might have missed out on FNAF 5 for this.


Ultimate Custom Night 12+


NOTE: A device with at least 2 GB of RAM is required for this game to run properly.


Welcome to the ultimate FNaF mashup, where you will once again be trapped alone in an office fending off killer animatronics! Featuring 50 selectable animatronic characters spanning seven Five Nights at Freddy's games, the options for customization are nearly endless. Mix and match any assortment of characters that you like, set their difficulty from 0-20, then jump right into the action! From your office desk, you will need to manage two side doors, two vents, as well as two air hoses, all of which lead directly into your office.


This time you will have to master other tools as well if you want to complete the ultimate challenges, tools such as the heater, A/C, a global music box, a power generator, and more. As if all of that weren't enough, you'll also need to set up laser traps in the vents, collect Faz-Coins, purchase items from the Prize Counter, and as always, keep a close eye on not one, but two, Pirate Cove curtains!


Other features also included:
- Challenge menu including sixteen themed challenges
- Voice acting from returning favorites as well as from new arrivals to the franchise
- Unlockable office skins
- Unlockable cutscenes


NOTE: Game entirely in English.
