Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=1107789



Fortnite 24.10 update patch notes: Spring Breakout Easter event, unvaulted weapons, Super Styles, more


The Fortnite 24.10 update is here to bring even more content to Chapter 4 Season 2, so here’s a look at the patch notes.


The Fortnite 24.10 update is the first major patch of Chapter 4 Season 2, so let’s take a look at everything it’s bringing to the table, including full patch notes. 


Fortnite Chapter 4 Season 2 is in full swing, after the major update brought the long-awaited Attack on Titan crossover, alongside a host of fresh map locations and a shiny new Battle Pass to grind through.


But Epic Games never wait too long to drop the next patch, and the Fortnite 24.10 update is here to bring even more content to the battle royale.


So, let’s take a look at the Fortnite 24.10 early patch notes and break down everything that’s included.


Fortnite 24.10 update release date & downtime


Epic Games released the Fortnite 24.10 update Wednesday, March 29, 2023. A period of downtime began at around 1 AM PT / 4 AM ET / 9 AM GMT, during which the servers were offline and players couldn’t search for a match.


The length of downtime can vary depending on the size of the update and if there are any problems, but it tends to last around an hour or two.


Fortnite 24.10 Spring Breakout Easter event


The Fortnite 24.10 update brings the new Spring Breakout Easter event, giving players a host of egg-themed Quests to complete and rewards to unlock.


The whole island will also be getting into the Easter spirit, with new brightly colored chickens roaming the map and special egg items that grant unique effects and buffs.


Fortnite Chapter 4 Season 2 brought a Japanese theme to the island.


Fortnite 24.10 update: Unvaulted weapons


As part of the Fortnite Easter event, a number of classic egg-themed items have returned to the game, alongside a handful of unvaulted weapons that haven’t been seen for many seasons.


Check out all of the unvaulted weapons and items in the Fortnite 24.10 update below:


Fortnite 24.10 update adds new Super Styles


Fortnite players who are already reaching the end of the Battle Pass have been wondering what’s on offer after level 100, and the 24.10 update has introduced new Super Styles to unlock.


Five of the Battle Pass skins now have bonus Super Styles to work towards, check them out below:


Fortnite 24.10 update patch notes


Check out the full Fortnite 24.10 update patch notes below, courtesy of Epic Games:


Hop to It with Spring Breakout Quests


Just as the Island is full of life, decorate your Locker with colorful rewards by completing Spring Breakout Quests! The first Spring Breakout Quest will be available starting March 29 at 9 AM ET, and a new one will be added daily at 9 AM ET. The Quests will be available until April 11, 2023, at 12 AM ET.


What will you hatch by completing the Spring Breakout Quests? Most of them will get you XP, while some will reward a special Locker item:



  
Day 1 Quest’s Reward: Bloomback Sack Back Bling

  
Day 7 Quest’s Reward: Shell Smash Spray

  
Day 9 Quest’s Reward: The Works Loading Screen

  
Day 12 Quest’s Reward: A Spring Breakout Banner Icon




There are more rewards too. For completing 12 Spring Breakout Quests, you’ll receive the Nannerbloom Hammer Pickaxe, and for completing 22, you’ll unlock the Fresh Flyer Glider!


Which Came First, the Green Chicken or the Golden Egg?


Two new types of chickens and three new kinds of eggs are on the Island for the duration of Spring Breakout. You may notice green and purple chickens clucking about, leaving special eggs around the Island. Interacting with these unusual eggs will temporarily give you a benefit:



  
Heal Eggs: These green eggs restore your Health and Shield slowly over time.

  
Hop Eggs: These blue eggs temporarily give you a low gravity effect, and also give you Health.

  
Golden Eggs: You can’t technically eat these eggs, but interacting with one grants you Bars! (Unlike Heal Eggs and Hop Eggs, Golden Eggs cannot be added to your inventory.)




Create Eggcellent Explosions with the Egg Launcher


The Egg Launcher breaks out of the vault for Spring Breakout! Find Egg Launchers from the ground, Chests, Supply Drops, or for sale from certain Characters. You can also get one from the new Springtime Blowout Reality Augment!


More In v24.10: New Battle Royale Reality Augments!


v24.10 introduces four other Reality Augments. Augment yourself with:


Rail Warrior


Regenerate Health and partial Shield while on grind rails or ziplines, except while in the Storm.


Go for Broke


Grants a Charge Shotgun and Flintknock Pistol.


Aquatic Warrior


Move faster and regenerate Health and partial Shield while swimming, except while in the Storm. 


Game Time


Grants the Pizza Party and some Chug Splashes!


The 24.10 update brings a host of new Super Styles.


Characters Spring into Even More Action


Specialist Characters


Just in case you need a little help during battle, eight Specialist Characters have dropped on the Island and are ready for hire! There are four different types of Specialists, each one with a different role to play:



  
Scout Specialist: Scouts can pick off foes from afar with a Sniper, and can ping nearby enemies and Chests.

  
Heavy Specialist: With their explosive inventory, Heavies specializes in making things go BOOM! Heavies can also take more damage than other Specialists.

  
Supply Specialist: Supply Specialists drop ammo and mats for you to pick up (Note: Supply Specialists won’t drop mats in Zero Build.)

  
Medical Specialist: Hired Medics heal you with Chug Splashes to restore your Health and Shield.




Collections Tab Rehaul


Being a social butterfly just got a whole lot easier. The Collections tab is now called the “Characters” tab and now shows a map displaying the location of all Characters on the Island, both the ones you’ve discovered and the ones you haven’t. Once you discover a Character, you can view their services in the Characters tab along with how many Bars their services cost. Check out the Characters tab by opening the map in a match and navigating to the tab!


(During Spring Breakout, keep an eye out for Cluck on the Island, as he has some goodies waiting to sell you.)


Battle Royale Chapter 4 Season 2 Super Level Styles


Illuminate the future in style. In the Bonus Rewards section of the Battle Pass tab, bonus Styles for Battle Royale Chapter 4 Season 2 Battle Pass rewards have been available for players who progress past Level 100. With v24.10, Chapter 4 Season 2’s Super Level Styles have been added as bonus rewards!


The Super Level Styles this Season? Progress past Level 125 during Chapter 4 Season 2 and start unlocking the Kinetic Rush, Neon Citrus, and Mega Wave Styles for the Thunder, Imani, Renzo the Destroyer, Mizuki, and Highwire Outfits.


Building and Editing Sensitivities


In v24.10, a Building Sensitivity setting and Editing Sensitivity setting have been added to Fortnite’s “Mouse and Keyboard” settings. With these new settings, you’re now able to adjust the sensitivity of building or editing structures to your preferred speed.


Miscellaneous Updates



  
Improved the handling turn radius of the Rogue Bike vehicle at higher speeds.

  
Note: We’ve been making tweaks to reduce energy usage on PlayStation and Xbox consoles. Frame rate in the Lobby will drop to 30 FPS after a period of inactivity, but will return to 60 FPS whenever you touch the controller or join a match.




Competitive Notes



  
The Spring Breakout chickens and eggs, as well as the Egg Launcher and Springtime Blowout Reality Augment, are not included in competitive playlists.

  
Zero Build Cups, Duos Cash Cups, and Victory Cups kick-off throughout this week. Good luck, competitors!




Major Bug Fixes



  
Fixed the issue involving players being asked to install Save the World even if they already had it installed.

  
Fixed the issue with the Kinetic Blade’s Knockback Slash that prevented the owner from taking fall damage. (Note: The Dash Attack will still prevent fall damage.)

  
Fixed an issue that was capping some mobile devices to 60 FPS despite 90 FPS being available.

  
The grind rail interaction button no longer has a delay on mobile devices.

  
Fixed the issue that caused us to disable ziplines in Party Royale. Ziplines have been re-enabled in Party Royale.




For more, check out some of our other Fortnite guides:


Tracker & Skins for Fortnite 9+


The best Fortnite Tracker for the latest stats. Use the Fortnite Item Shop for Emotes, Skins & Dances, and more. The Fortnite guide helps you with free V-Bucks!


The Fortnite Tracker for Stats


If you're looking for a Fortnite tracker, you've come to the right place. Our Fortnite tracker lets you easily view your progress, including wins, kills, and top scores.


You can also view your friends' progress and compare your stats with theirs. So what are you waiting for? Start tracking your progress today! There are many Fortnite Trackers out there, but ours has unique features such as staying up-to-date with the news about events and new items and being able to look at your progress over time. Track your progress and compare your stats with friends with our Fortnite Stats Tracker. Start reading the useful statistics today with the best Fortnite Tracker!


Latest Fortnite Item Shop


The Fortnite Item Shop lets you search for new in-game items. You can find new and used items for sale, as well as view the prices of recently sold items. If you're looking to make some interesting Fortnite items, the Fortnite Item Shop is a great place to start. Just be sure to check the amount of V-Bucks before you buy anything! It is important to notice we don't sell any items in our Fortnite Item Shop, but we only give you an overview.


Useful Fortnite guide for more wins


Our app also includes a comprehensive Fortnite guide, which covers everything from the basics of the game to advanced strategies. Whether you're a beginner or a pro, our Fortnite guide will help you take your game to the next level.


For everyone else, there are useful Fortnite cheats, which will let you know about the best places to land, as well as the most effective weapons and items to use. If you are looking for a Fortnite aimbot, we can recommend some good ones, but beware of using them, as they are against the rules and you may be banned from the game. Fortnite cheats are helpful, but we do not recommend you to use a Fortnite V-Bucks Generator or Fortnite hack for free V-Bucks. We do not offer such a Fortnite hack.


Fortnite News, Events & Tournaments


Stay up-to-date with the latest Fortnite news with our app. We also post regular updates on our blog about events and tournaments. The Fortnite news section is a great way to get an overview of everything that's going on in the world of the Fortnite game. Also, learn more about tools such as the Fortnite aimbot and how to avoid playing with gamers who are using a Fortnite aimbot or Fortnite hack.


Guide for Fortnite V-Bucks for free


You can get free Fortnite V-Bucks, but you need to know where to look. We've put together a list of the best ways to get V-Bucks, so you can get them without spending any money. You can also find out about some good Fortnite V-Bucks generator but also guides on how to avoid fake Fortnite V-Bucks generator. Beware of such a thing as a Fortnite hack for free V-Bucks, as it doesn't exist and you may end up wasting your time or even getting banned from the game. We have codes and also guides on how to get Fortnite free V-Bucks.


The best Fortnite Skins, Emotes & Dances


In our app, you will find the best Fortnite dances and emotes. The selection is updated regularly, so you can always find the latest and greatest Fortnite dances and emotes. If you want to show off your dance skills, our app is the perfect place to start. We also have a wide selection of Fortnite skins, so you can find the perfect one for your character. The Fortnite skins are chosen carefully so you can find the perfect match for your play style.


The guide is neither an official guide nor affiliated with the developers or publishers of the game. All descriptions, logos, locations, and images in the game are copyrighted by their respective owners, and use of this app falls under the fair use policy and/or by the license under which they were published. This is NOT a "Fortnite Hack" or "Fortnite Generator." We do not hack Fortnite. The application is within the guidelines of the game.
