Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=4961156



Forza Street APK for Android


Forza Street: Tap to Race developed by the Italian developers, Granite Studio is an iPhone and Android mobile game App, created by the famous developers who had previously worked on famous games such as Monkey Island and Space Invaders. Since the beginning, the game has received many accolades from the reviewers. The story of the game revolves around the street races, which help you to collect credits, which are later used to buy cars, bikes, racing gears, tracks and vehicles for further competition. Today, it has gone through several iterations by the mobile development team Microsoft Corporation, using the latest version being 39. The user controls the game by tapping on the screen or the menu options and to play the game, one just needs to have the Java virtual machine installed in their PCs or laptops.


To win the game, one needs to accumulate more points than the others by carefully racing their motorbikes on virtual tracks which include all major cities across the world including New York, Los Angeles, Tokyo, Berlin, Paris, Sydney and London. The graphics and the sound effects are great and give a real racing experience with the exciting camera angles and sound tracks. However, the real challenge is to gather the maximum number of credits, which are given on every second lap and one has to race against all the other players to increase their score. Forza Street: Tap to Race incorporates both the real time racing feature and the real world track features to make it a unique and engaging game that requires the player's concentration to be sustained over the course of the game.


The online version has been localized to run flawlessly on the iPhone 3G and the synced up to the Forza music scoring to keep the Adrenalin flowing while you tap for speed with the unmistakable beat of the familiar music theme. Forza: Tap to Race does exactly what the title suggests, race through the ultimate street racing scene on your iPhone using only the sounds of your imagination to let you have fun winning the ultimate street racing challenge on your iPhone. The game gives you the chance to really have a good time with the Forza music providing background to your race through the ultimate street track in the most natural way possible.


Forza Street 40.0.5 APK


Those who’re fans of the famous street racing franchise – Forza would definitely feel excited after Microsoft decided to roll out to the market their first cross-platform racing game. Now, you can enjoy this amazing game and race to your heart content with racers from all over the world on any of your devices. In this post, let’s take a look at Forza Street, specifically the Android version to see whether it’s worth your time.


Story


In Forza Street, you’ll be playing as a novice racer who was first introduced to the amazing nightlife of the city. Here you’ll find all kinds of racers gathered for a true feast of speed. Take your wheels and drive your way through the racing tracks. Experience exciting racing gameplay with lots of accessible features.


In addition, as you progress further into the game and have gained a certain amount of reputation, your name would start to become noticeable and you’ll have to face tougher challenges. Upgrade your cars and give them epic boosts to keep them at top speeds.


Features


Here are all the amazing features that you can experience in Forza street:


Collect and pimp your ride


Here in the world of street racing in Forza Street, you’ll have access to all kinds of street vehicles that you can imagine, from the high-speed sports cars to the epic monster cars. Make sure you give out the best that you’ve got to win the race and earn valuable prizes.


As you progress, you’ll also able to expand your garage, allowing for more tuning options as well as empty slots for new cars. Keep adding new vehicles to your collection and sought out new ones from the growing collection provided by Microsoft.


The best thing with the garage is that it allows you to make upgrades to your cars. This is extremely important if you’re aiming for that title of the “world best street racer”. Make sure you provide maximum optimization for your cars to make them more capable on the street.


Race anywhere anytime you want


Being the first cross-platform racing game from Microsoft, players are allowed to enjoy their street racing experiences anytime anywhere. Hence, you can enjoy Forza street on your PC when you’re at home, on your Android or iOS devices when you’re outside, nothing can stop you from enjoying this epic racing game. In addition, you can take on multiple opponents in quick one-minute races, which are perfect for a quick break after work.


Experience epic cinematic racing gameplay


With enhanced mechanics, players are now able to experience realistic racing gameplay like no other. Choose the right time to hit the gas, brake, or boost the adrenaline, allowing you to ride faster and more precise. In addition, players can also review their races in a cinematic mode which greatly enhance the intensity as well as aesthetics.


Spotlight


Along with the normal gameplay, players in Forza Street can participate in Spotlight Events, which offers epic prizes and rewards for racers. You can even have a chance to race for that amazing car you’ve been dreaming for.


For more information, players can check out the Spotlight panels, which provide all the information regarding the prize cars as well as the rules of the races. Make sure you read them carefully so that you can have a perfect race.


Exciting street showdown


Players in Forza Street will have their chances to participate in amazing street showdowns with multiple opponents from all around the world. Take on quick point-to-point races and collect valuable rewards for your own.


Enjoy a captivating story


The game features a captivating story which takes you to all levels of emotions. Take on multiple paths as you like experience the stories, choose your own endings by making certain choices. In addition, with new contents being introduced every week, players should be ready for new fresh events and stories to enjoy.


Make uses of the hidden paths


And to make Forza Street a true street racing game, players are introduced to the real racing tracks which feature all the elements of an actual track. There will be obstacles and structures blocking your ways. You can even explore the hidden paths which can significantly reduce the length of the tracks. Hence, you can take advantages of these roads and win against your opponent. However, be mindful that there are also big risks when taking these paths, as they’re not safe and easy as they look. Still, it’s in our nature as a street racer, we always know how to make a good bet.


Free to play


The game is currently available for multiple devices including PC, Android, and iOS, allowing for convenient cross-platform gameplay. In addition, players can get the game completely free with no extra costs. That being said, for Android users, you shouldn’t hesitate to access the Google Play Store and get this amazing street racing game for free.


Visual and sound quality


Graphics


Forza Street is one of those epic racing games which are built for speed. Here you can experience incredible graphics with beautiful visual effects, allowing to feel the true aspects of a street race.


In addition, the graphics quality is also adjustable to match with different devices’ requirements. Hence, you can even play the game on your old Android phone without any problem. And if you want the best graphics, the PC should be the way to go.


Sound/Music


Here in Forza Street, you can actually hear the engine roaring as your competitors start entering the races, the realistic crashing sounds, and the epic music that can significantly boost your Adrenaline. All combined to make this game one of the best racing game with immersive audio experiences.


How To Install Forza Street APK with OBB data file



  
APK install it on your device, DO NOT open app.

  
Extract the OBB file to /SDCARD/Android/obb/com.microsoft.gravity . Ensure that the OBB file ( main.280109.com.microsoft.gravity.obb ) sits within the com.microsoft.gravity folder.

  
Start the game again. Enjoy!




Download Forza Street latest 40.0.5 Android APK


For those who’re looking for an exciting racing game with enjoyable gameplay, convenient cross-platform features, and most importantly, lots of online opponents to compete with, Forza Street is definitely your best bet.


And if you don’t find the game being enough, then CSR Racing 2 and Need for Speed No Limits are two great games with similar concepts that you would certainly enjoy.
