Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9132900



The Sims 4 for Windows


The Sims 4 is a life simulation game developed by Maxis, and the game is the fourth in the series under Maxis and Electronic Arts. The Sims 4 and all the previous games were made for PC, but they were eventually released on select consoles. Since 2000, this game series has been the top life-simulation game on the market. With the ability to make and customize your own character, family genealogy, pets, living spaces, careers and more, it's a breath of fresh air for the casual gamer. Being able to create and play for hours on your own or download items and Sims (characters) made by other players makes your options endless for customization.


An easy way to lose track of time while playing a video game


The controls are simple no matter if you're using a PC or a laptop. On a laptop, it is possible to play with just a track pad and directional keys, but the most efficient way is with a mouse. A great function of this game is the option to use the camera controls that were a part of The Sims 3; the third game is more suited to a mouse as you can rotate items with a few clicks, and with the fourth game you're able to do more with a laptop track pad (use two fingers to rotate and zoom).


After starting a new game you chose the world that you want to live in. The base game allows you to customize your Sim's appearance, create and decorate their home (called a 'lot'), and have a career, but the options are very limited. In the world, choose a lot that has already been made or an empty lot that you'll be able to build yourself. You are given in game currency called Simoleons, keep in mind that if you want to build your own lot, you'll have less money to customize it until your Sim has a career. Once your lot is chosen, you'll be taken to the 'create a Sim' page where you'll be able to you guessed it create your Sim!


Creating a Sim is a lot of fun. Edit the basics like gender, name, and stage of life young or fully grown adult. Then you can change a Sim's voice, walk, and appearance. From head to toe, you can give your Sim a Mohawk, pixie cut, braids, piercings, tattoos, use a slider to change body shape and type, and much more. They can have a natural hair color and there are few neon colors available too. Next comes the outfit. Mix and match tops, tanks, skirts, shorts, pants, and more, or choose a premade full outfit. Lastly, you'll pick your Sim's aspiration and personality traits. Will they be sloppy or a neat freak? Nice, or mischievous? A glutton, or a health nut? To save time, you can randomize your Sim and get straight to playing the main game.


Once your Sim has been created, you can begin their life. Make sure that they have a career to take care of all of their basic needs. Be a barista or an astronaut! When your Sim starts to make more money as they climb up their career ladder, you can further customize their appearance or lot. To prevent your Sim from dying (which is actually pretty cool you&'ll get a visit from the Grim Reaper!), treat them as you would a human make sure that they eat, sleep, chat with other Sims, exercise, fulfill Aspiration requirements, and start a family if you&'d like. Once a Sim is in a relationship or married to another Sim, you can move them into your lot and from then on their life is controlled by you.


You'll probably notice that there are a few things missing from the game that would make it more realistic, like changes in the weather, or pets. These things are add-ons that you can purchase with Expansions. The expansions include Seasons, which takes you through all four seasonal changes (with holidays included!), City Living, where you can live in an apartment instead of a house and participate in festivals, and a ton of others. Game Packs and Stuff Packs aren't full blown expansions, but let you add fun thematic elements like Vampires, different locations, fashion and garden items, and the list goes on.


Where can you run this program?


You can run this program on computers running Windows and MacOS, Playstation 4, and Xbox One.


Is there a better alternative?


In our opinion, there's no better alternative for The Sims 4 and the other Sims games. It's the most realistic (or non-realisticdid we mention Vampires?), expansive, life simulation game on the market now. Although these options aren't better in terms of gameplay, IMVU is another life-simulation game. The main thing that IMVU has that The Sims series doesn't is the option to play online and connect with other players in real time. This is the only selling point, as IMVU is not as advanced as The Sims in many ways, including and not limited to movement options and other important functions there is no free movement in IMVU.


Our take


on The Sims 4 is that it is a must-have. It's truly endless fun, and there's something for every player, whether it be in the create a Sim area, customizing your lot, or giving your Sim the 'Criminal' career.


Should you download it?


We definitely recommend that you download The Sims 4. The game is constantly being updated throughout the year with Expansion Packs, Game Packs and Stuff Packs. What's even more fun is that players create their own custom content and post it online for downloada feature that the developers fully support. So, if an add-on doesn't include an item, someone somewhere has probably made it.If you're planning on playing this game, make sure that you have a few hours free at leastit's impossible not to get hooked. There are so many things to do and create, and it's as simple as clicking start.



  
Hosted on Origin

  
No cars

  
New controls are inferior to previous game versions




Latest The Sims 4 Mods and CC


Discover the latest and greatest Sims 4 mods and custom content (CC) on ModsHost. Our team scours the web to bring you the must-have mods and CC for The Sims 4, along with in-depth guides on how to install and use them. Whether you’re looking to add new hairstyles, clothing, makeup, or gameplay features, we’ve got you covered with the best Sims 4 mods and CC. Stay up-to-date with the newest Sims 4 mods and enhance your gaming experience today.
You may also like: Sims 4 CC, Grand Theft Auto V and Euro Truck Simulator 2.


Slow Infant Needs


Slow Infant Needs sets the decay rate of infant needs to 50% of the base game needs decay rate. All infant needs will decay at a slow rate compared to the normal rate of decay. It will take several hours for each need to decay. This works with the base game, you do not need…


Monica Hairstyle


Female Hairstyle Teen – Elder All Custom Hat Cuts All Custom LODS Recoloring Allowed: Yes – Do not include mesh Polycount LOD 0 (highest): 7k Polycount LOD 1: 6k Polycount LOD 2: 4k Polycount LOD 3 (lowest): 3k


Featured video: How to Download/Install Mods & Custom Content in The Sims 4


Winter Blush


Winter blush flushed nose and cheeks with highlights on the nose tip. Blush category 9 swatches (3 highlight variants with the flushed nose, cheeks, and without) all ages, all genders (including infants) HQ compatible (preview taken with HQ mod) custom thumbnail Recoloring Allowed: No


Cozy Nook [No CC]


House Contains: 7 bedrooms 6 bathrooms living room kitchen dining room garage pool treehouse Value: 194639 Furnished: Fully Decorated: Throughout Stories: 2 Lot Size: 40×30


Oriko Shirt


Standalone item 8 Swatches MESH by Me NO RECOLORING Type: Tops Polycount LOD 0 (highest): 6598


Sapphire Diamond Earrings


A statement diamond earring with a sapphire stone. Also comes in a ruby swatch. Recoloring Allowed: No Polycount LOD 0 (highest): 4736 Polycount LOD 1: 4736 Polycount LOD 2: 1894 Polycount LOD 3 (lowest): 946


Kristen Sweater


An off-shoulder knit sweater. Comes in 10 colors for teen, young adult and adult sims. Type: Tops Polycount LOD 0 (highest): 4726 Polycount LOD 1: 2616 Polycount LOD 2: 1360 Polycount LOD 3 (lowest): 761


Tyler Sweater


YA/A/Teen 6 Swatches New item Base game compatible Type: Tops Recoloring Allowed: No Polycount LOD 0 (highest): 3338


Eyeliner A90


Makeup category 6 colors Sliders compatible HQ mod compatible Female Custom thumbnail


Double Strap Detail Midi Dress


This dress features a hue material with a double strap design and a midi length! Female, Teen-Elder Custom Shadow Map HQ Mod Compatible Everyday/Formal/Party 25 Swatches CAS Thumbnails Included Mesh by Ekinege (included) Type: Outfits Polycount LOD 0 (highest): 4500


Frequently Asked Sims 4 Mods Questions (FAQ)


Where is the Sims 4 mods folder?



  
Open The Sims 4 and click on the "Options" button in the main menu.

  
Select "Game Options" and then click on the "Other" tab.

  
In the "Other" tab, check a field labeled "Enable Custom Content and Mods".

  
Restart the game.

  
This will create the Mods folder.




Can Sims 4 mods be in folders?


Are Sims 4 mods free?


Most of the time Sims 4 mods are free. It's even against EA Terms of Service for mods and CC to be behind a paywall. Custom content that is paid has to be made available for free in 2-3 weeks for the general public after release.


Are Sims 4 mods dangerous?


Using mods in The Sims 4 is safe, as long as you download them from a reputable source. If not, use a virus scanner to check for malicious code. Pay extra attention to .exe (executable files) since they have the highest chance of being infected.


Can Sims 4 Mods Get Me Banned?


Using Sims 4 mods won't get you banned unless you use deeply disturbing content. If EA detects players using this kind of content they will tell you at least 30 days in advance before closing your account.
