Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=8191706



1500+ Free COC Accounts [Clash of Clans TH 8, 9, 10, 11, 12,13 and14] 2023


Want Free COC accounts with high TH? Continue to follow this post to get a free COC account that can be used immediately.


COC or Clash of Clans is a strategy game that is quite complicated to play. That’s why many players often look for instant ways to reach high levels by looking for ways to use a free COC account.


Clash of Clans is one of the most popular strategy games, especially in Indonesia. The game developed by Supercells in 2012 can only be played via mobile phones on both Android and iOS.


Game Clash of Clans is a strategy game that aims to increase the Town Hall (TH) to the highest level. But unfortunately, going up to the next level takes quite a long time. Therefore, many people do the fast way by using the free COC account that we have prepared in this post.


Clash of Clans


Clash of Clans is an online multiplayer game that is played to build a village, create troops and attack other villages to get resources. The goal of the game is to make sure your village has great defenses and alliances by upgrading buildings and troops.


In this game, players work to recruit troops and soldiers to be further developed to be better with the ability to kill. In addition, players also collect various types of resources which will later be used as materials to improve clan and defense-based abilities. It is at this stage that many players are impatient and fails to level up due to the long process.


Increasing the Town Hall (TH) to the highest level does require quite a long time. So many players choose the short way by buying a COC account. But you don’t have to bother buying it, because here a free COC account has been prepared especially for you.


Terms of Using a Free COC Account


The following Clash of Clans accounts is limited in number. So that everyone has the same opportunity to have a COC account, there are a number of terms and conditions that you must fulfill before using it. Here are some of them:



  
Trading of accounts in any form is prohibited.

  
Only use one account, nothing more.

  
Choose an account according to the desired TH level.

  
Immediately change the password after finding an account that has not been used by someone else.

  
Accounts must be properly maintained and cared for.

  
Accounts must not be wasted or left unattended.




The Latest Collection of Free COC Accounts 2022


Considering that the mobile gaming market is dominated by MOBA and battle royale games, Clash of Clans is no longer the main concern of mobile gamers. Precisely because of this, many COC accounts are distributed free of charge to anyone who wants them.


And the following is a collection of COC accounts that have been collected from various social media. You can choose an account with a town hall level 8, 9, 10, 11, 12,,13 even 14. The principle is first come first served. So, just choose the account you want:


1. Free COC Account TH 8


After upgrading TH to level 8, all your heroes and pets will get a +5 level boost. That means, you no longer need to use hero potions. Instead of waiting a long time to build a town hall from scratch, by using this free COC TH 8 account, you will save a lot of time!


Use the email and password provided to log in to the application.


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]il.comUbrut768  [email protected]gaya789  [email protected]copyhit  [email protected]Unlimitidcard  [email protected]Yosensu213    



2. Free COC Account TH 9


If you reach TH level 9, the overall theme of the town hall will change to dark gray with a red flag on top. So that you are not curious, now just select an account from the list below.


Keep in mind, considering that anyone can use these accounts, you have to be fast before someone else’s account is taken.


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]githulocko252  [email protected]dashroblod002  [email protected]livastoumda  [email protected]crrospown213  [email protected]gomstour0993  [email protected]logsize141  [email protected]merticansor562  [email protected]lockerdly64  [email protected]cocalwaysme  [email protected]drmoopase    



3. Free COC Account TH 10


By upgrading the town hall to a higher level, there are many perks or benefits that you can enjoy. One is to have a stronger army. With stronger troops, automatically the chances of success conquering other people’s bases will be higher.


So what are you waiting for? Immediately claim your account from the list below!


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]sinsadness252  [email protected]diskopon345  [email protected]howtolove  [email protected]epicway3953  [email protected][email protected]  [email protected]lockerclan357  [email protected][email protected]  [email protected][email protected]    



4. Free COC Account TH 11


Want a town hall with a higher level? In the following table, there are a row of accounts that you can use. And for sure, the town hall level is definitely high. Besides that, TH level 11 has a theme that is no less cool. For those who are curious, just check the following table:


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]Ubrut768  [email protected]Itmeko28  [email protected]gaya789  [email protected]ANDwhy  [email protected]drake1576  [email protected]londown  [email protected]LoUdWoRmE  [email protected]CMdsoza  manonair&[email protected]goldwine  [email protected]Yosensu213    



5. Free COC Account TH 12


TH 12 is the first TH to make a lot of renovations to the theme of the building. Guaranteed to make your base cooler. The good news is, you can easily get one of the free active COC accounts below.


Make sure to enter the password and email correctly so you can log in.


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected][email protected]  [email protected]tangidk47  [email protected]playernoob34  [email protected]higstone1101  [email protected]opcla2)0  [email protected]tamiya4WD  [email protected]rejind1a  [email protected]streamdfg54  [email protected]kartapsbg  [email protected]mfhc01    



6. Free COC Account TH 13


Actually, you can quickly upgrade TH to the maximum level by using gems. Unfortunately, gems are very difficult to get. Well, you don’t need to be sad if your gems are lacking. Below is a collection of COC TH 13 full gems accounts.


Hurry up and get the account you want. Don’t forget, just pick one, okay?


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]brad15  [email protected]buffalo  [email protected]Alpha1  [email protected]obayc^^5  [email protected]istexpead011  [email protected]wiaweyThon  [email protected]dokmancoc2019  [email protected]4201ik  [email protected]nysokk  [email protected]wILSO657    



7. Free COC Account TH 14


Not everyone can enjoy the opportunity to play Clash of Clans TH 14, because you need to spend time and energy to get to the highest COC level. Luckily, this article also includes a free COC TH 14 account that will make dreams come true.


Simply by logging in using the following email and password, you can enjoy playing COC as a “king” with the highest town hall level:


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]irvaniris91  [email protected]gusti1997  [email protected]1234eredgenton  [email protected]1212maulana  [email protected]haikal1994  [email protected]agustian12345  [email protected]febriaw4n  [email protected]doraem0n1212    



8. Free Clash of Clans Account unknown to others


Since the details of some COC accounts are public, anyone can use them. Sometimes it’s hard to find free COC accounts that people haven’t used yet. If that’s the problem you’re having, it’s a good idea to try logging in with the following accounts.


Who knows there are some that have not been taken by others. After that, change your password so that other people don’t take it!


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]12perialeyerex  [email protected]rebecca9909  [email protected]htwkuku678  [email protected]matrix4567  [email protected]neuroneomik99  [email protected]carlosredrigo651  [email protected]11linadelia  [email protected]2009ateniuminlan    



9. Latest free COC Accounts 2023


All accounts have been taken, people? Relax, this article also provides a list of the latest free COC accounts for March 2022. Not many people know about the following accounts, so just enter your email and password into the Clash of Clans log-in field:


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]twentycards120*  [email protected]a_w7700399  [email protected]petruktampan767  [email protected]hureniclas2k2  [email protected]wisnugraha17  [email protected]bud1saputr4  [email protected]chris29xxx  [email protected]cav0ldiandr  [email protected]22destin22  [email protected]rakeliths    



10. Overseas free COC Account


Indian and foreign COC accounts are actually not much different. However, by using a free overseas COC account, the chances of the account not being taken by someone else are relatively smaller.


Immediately, try to enter the following login details to find a COC account that is still active and has not changed its password:


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]09257gtav  [email protected]pustaigriti  [email protected]adelyawinni5  [email protected]nuri6789  [email protected]kuskusman732  [email protected]alexucupnin  [email protected]allan.caln667  [email protected]mas.and1k4h  [email protected]fapetrik46  [email protected]Hh20041889Hh    



11. Sultan’s free COC Account


Next is a list of free sultan COC accounts. The name of the sultan is not just a careless naming. It is called a sultan because these accounts have an abundance of gems. You can get these gems for free by using one of the following accounts:


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]05386541123  [email protected]faranjit33  [email protected]proghoster  [email protected]niggabroo  [email protected]clashofclans  [email protected]Fibra41540  [email protected]Sali1955du  [email protected]guess997  [email protected]Zwtyrjlfybk55  [email protected]CHrist63    



12. Today’s free COC Account that no one has taken yet


You could say the COC accounts that are included in this list are still “warm” and have no deception. Just try it yourself to find out which accounts are still active and which ones have been taken. Come on, claim it before someone else takes it!


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]Nesagagawet  [email protected]cac4zntez  [email protected]powersilva  [email protected]omgrandrosk4  [email protected]Nandacocclan  [email protected]Asdfghjkl  [email protected]a_w7700399  [email protected]Naongoblog  [email protected]paruparu666  [email protected]knowme1234    



13. Free COC account no deception


If you have checked all the accounts above and it turns out that the results are nil, aka all accounts have been taken by someone. Please try an account from the following list. Who knows, you’re lucky and there’s a free COC account that hasn’t been used to this day.


Check the following list right away:


 
  EmailPassword    [email protected]tga26400  [email protected]Tiddosm333  [email protected]750102  [email protected]e2106383  [email protected]enzo2004  [email protected]coglan197111a  [email protected]FLOflo26  [email protected]sksskdi  [email protected]pl210455a1  [email protected]Q345571q    



Tutorial Using a Free COC Account


The majority of COC players will know how to use and log in with the information provided above. However, for those of you who are still newbies and are trying this game for the first time out of curiosity, it’s a good idea to follow the following tutorial.


In essence, after successfully logging in, immediately change the password. More details can be seen in the following steps:



  
Make sure the Clash of Clans application is installed on the cellphone. If not, please download it first on the Google Play Store or App Store.

  
Enter the application. On the Login in Game COC page, enter your email and password in the fields provided.

  
If the login stage fails, try to repeat the process again. However, replace the account details with another account.

  
You can enjoy TH at the level according to your choice.




But if you have previously logged in, you need to log out of the account first. The following is how:



  
After success, tap the Settings menu or Settings.

  
Click the Connect menu at the top of the screen.

  
Then, press the Connected accounts option.

  
Select the Exit menu on the menu that appears.




Conclusion


That’s the discussion for those of you who are looking for a supercell id free COC accounts that no one else knows about. Please use the account above for those of you who want to immediately have the maximum TH level. Hope it is useful!


Best Free Checking Accounts Of April 2023


Editorial Note: We earn a commission from partner links on Forbes Advisor. Commissions do not affect our editors' opinions or evaluations.


Free checking accounts are those that charge no monthly maintenance fee and have no (or very low) minimum balance or activity requirements—although account holders may still face fees for things like wire transfers, out-of-network ATM usage or overdrafts.


The best free checking accounts provide added value in the form of competitive yields, generous cash back offers, low initial minimum deposits and other perks.


Best Free Checking Accounts 2023


We’ve compared 157 checking accounts at 66 nationally available banks and credit unions to find some of the best accounts available. See below to learn more about why we picked each account, the pros and cons, and to access individual bank reviews.


Annual percentage yields (APYs) and account details are accurate as of Apr. 3, 2023.


Axos Bank Rewards Checking


Our ratings are calculated based on fees, rates, rewards and other category-specific attributes. All ratings are determined solely by our editorial team.


Annual Percentage Yield


Minimum Deposit Requirement


Monthly Maintenance Fee


Use Promo Code "RC100" by 4/12/2023
for an up to $100 bonus


Annual Percentage Yield


Minimum Deposit Requirement


Monthly Maintenance Fee


With no monthly maintenance fee, no minimum monthly balance requirement and a low $50 minimum initial deposit requirement, Axos Bank Rewards Checking offers a truly free checking account. Add in the up to 3.30% APY total. Balances above $50,000 do not earn interest, and this is a solid checking account that offers more than just no fees. The stated yield is part of a tiered system, however, so remember that you have to meet requirements to earn the full APY (see Details).


Axos helps keep the account free for account holders by reimbursing an unlimited number of domestic out-of-network ATM charges and charging no non-sufficient fund (NSF) fees for overdrafts. You can expect some fees, however, like a $35 outgoing domestic wire fee and a $45 outgoing international wire fee, although all incoming wires are received free of charge.


Rewards Checking also comes with a complimentary debit card and a number of digital tools to help you manage your money. Axos does not impose a minimum balance requirement to earn interest. Read our full Axos Bank Review.



  
Competitive tiered interest rate structure

  
No monthly, overdraft or non-sufficient fund fees

  
Unlimited domestic ATM reimbursements





  
No interest earnings on balances over $50,000

  
Stringent monthly requirements to earn higher interest

  
No physical branches




The Rewards Checking account offers five rewards tiers that allow account holders to earn up to 3.30% APY total. Balances above $50,000 do not earn interest. In order to achieve the highest APY offered, the following requirements must be met:



  
0.40% APY: Receive monthly direct deposits totaling $1,500 or more. This must be met in order to be eligible to earn any interest during the statement cycle.

  
0.30% APY: Sign up for Personal Finance Manager (PFM) “Account Aggregation” in Online Banking or use your Axos debit card for a total of 10 transactions per month (minimum $3 per transaction).

  
1.00% APY: Maintain an average daily balance of $2,500 per month in an Axos Invest Managed Portfolios Account.

  
1.00% APY: Maintain an average daily balance of $2,500 per month in an Axos Invest Self Directed Trading Account.

  
0.60% APY: Use your Rewards Checking account to make your full monthly Axos consumer loan payment. Mortgage, personal and auto loans are eligible.




Quontic Bank High Interest Checking


Our ratings are calculated based on fees, rates, rewards and other category-specific attributes. All ratings are determined solely by our editorial team.


Annual Percentage Yield


Minimum Deposit Requirement


Monthly Maintenance Fee


Annual Percentage Yield


Minimum Deposit Requirement


Monthly Maintenance Fee


Quontic Bank’s High Interest Checking will let you open an account with a minimum deposit of $100. After that point, you can expect no minimum balance requirement and no monthly maintenance fee.


While the free account does not include reimbursement of any out-of-network ATM fees, your Quontic debit card can access cash surcharge-free from a network of more than 90,000 ATMs, including ones in retail locations like Target and Walgreens.


As of Jan. 1, 2022, Quontic Bank has eliminated its former $35 overdraft fee: Whether caused by check, in-person or ATM withdrawal or other electronic means, you’ll no longer be charged an overdraft/return non-sufficient funds (NSF) fee. Also, money orders and cashier’s checks are now free. A few standard banking fees still apply, such as for outgoing wire transfers and stop payment (see Details).


In addition to being a free checking account, this account will also earn you a notable up to 1.10% on all balances up to $150,000, and additional interest on balances up to $1 million—although there are several monthly activity requirements you will need to meet to earn this rate (see Details). There is no minimum balance required to earn interest.



  
Competitive tiered interest rate structure

  
More than 90,000 surcharge-free ATMs

  
Earn interest on any balance amount





  
Requires $100 minimum to open account

  
Must meet monthly transaction qualifications to earn interest




Interest is compounded daily and credited monthly. To meet the requirements to earn the highest interest rate, customers must make at least 10 qualifying debit card point-of-sale transactions of $10 or more, per statement cycle.


If the minimum qualifying activity requirements are met, then the 1.10% APY applies to any balance amount. If the minimum qualifying activity is not met, then the account earns just 0.01% APY, no matter the balance. Quontic may change the rules that apply to this account at any time without notice.


TIAA Bank Yield Pledge Checking


Our ratings are calculated based on fees, rates, rewards and other category-specific attributes. All ratings are determined solely by our editorial team.


Annual Percentage Yield


Minimum Deposit Requirement


Monthly Maintenance Fee


Annual Percentage Yield


Minimum Deposit Requirement


Monthly Maintenance Fee


TIAA Bank’s Yield Pledge Checking account has no monthly maintenance fees, no minimum balance or monthly activity requirements. Each month, TIAA Bank offers up to $15 in out-of-network ATM fee reimbursement to all customers, and an unlimited number of out-of-network ATM fee reimbursements to customers who maintain a minimum average daily balance of $5,000.


Customers can also rest easy that they will not be charged any non-sufficient funds (NSF) fees for overdrafts. If you don’t have a linked TIAA account to cover overdrafts as part of the bank’s free overdraft protection, then expect any transactions that would overdraw your account to simply be declined—at no charge. You can expect a few fees for less common services, such as stop payments, wire transfers, and official checks (see Details).


The account earns 0.25% APY. TIAA Bank offers a Yield Pledge promise that guarantees the interest rates on its accounts stay within the top 5% of “competitive accounts” based on accounts from the 10 largest banks and thrifts in 10 large U.S. markets.



  
No monthly fees

  
Guarantees APYs in the top 5% among competitive accounts

  
Debit card with purchase protections

  
Large fee-free ATM network





  
Relatively high minimum deposit requirement

  
Must keep $5,000 balance to get unlimited ATM fee reimbursements

  
Has in-person banking locations only in Florida




TIAA’s yield pledge promises that the interest on its Yield Pledge Checking account will stay within the top 5% among competitive accounts. Yields are assessed on a weekly basis. TIAA customers who carry a minimum daily balance of $5,000 or more receive unlimited reimbursements of fees paid at out-of-network ATMs. Customers with balances under $5,000 receive up to $15 in monthly ATM fee reimbursements.


Alliant Credit Union High-Rate Checking


Our ratings are calculated based on fees, rates, rewards and other category-specific attributes. All ratings are determined solely by our editorial team.


Annual Percentage Yield


Minimum Deposit Requirement


Monthly Maintenance Fee


Annual Percentage Yield


Minimum Deposit Requirement


Monthly Maintenance Fee


Alliant Credit Union High-Rate Checking gives customers a decent APY with no monthly maintenance fees or minimum balance requirements. You are also automatically signed up for this checking account when you qualify for membership with the credit union, meaning there is no minimum initial deposit required.


A big selling point is the lack of overdraft fees. Additionally, members have access to a network of more than 80,000 surcharge-free ATMs. If you’re stuck using an out-of-network ATM, this checking account also provides $20 per month in ATM fee reimbursement.


To become a member of the credit union, you need to either meet one of the listed criteria, or make a $5 donation to Foster Care to Success (FC2S), Alliant’s partner nonprofit organization.



  
Excellent digital experience for online and mobile banking

  
Few fees

  
Pays interest

  
Contactless Visa debit card and complimentary box of checks

  
Up to $20 per month in out-of-network ATM charge rebates




The yields earned on credit union accounts are referred to as dividends rather than interest. Dividends are compounded monthly and credited monthly. To earn the APY, you must opt in to receive eStatements and have at least one monthly electronic deposit to your account.


Discover Cashback Debit Checking


Our ratings are calculated based on fees, rates, rewards and other category-specific attributes. All ratings are determined solely by our editorial team.


Annual Percentage Yield


Earn 1% cash back on up to $3,000 in debit card purchases each month. See website for details.


Minimum Deposit Requirement


Monthly Maintenance Fee


Annual Percentage Yield


Earn 1% cash back on up to $3,000 in debit card purchases each month. See website for details.


Minimum Deposit Requirement


Monthly Maintenance Fee


Editor’s note: In December 2022, Discover temporarily stopped accepting applications for Discover Cashback Debit Checking. Visit Discover’s website to sign up for an email notification when Discover begins accepting applications again.


With no monthly maintenance fee and no minimum balance or activity requirement to meet, Discover Cashback Debit Checking is a solid free account. Account holders enjoy access to more than 60,000 surcharge-free ATMs, in addition to free standard checks and official bank checks, free debit card replacement, free stop payment service and free expedited delivery of standard or official checks or replacement debit cards.


Customers who sign up for the optional overdraft protection (see Details) will not face a non-sufficient funds (NSF) fee if they overdraw their account. If a payment you receive from a third party bounces, Discover will not charge you a deposited item return fee.


Though this free account does not come with an APY, customers are eligible for 1% cash back on up to $3,000 in debit card purchases each month. See website for details made with the Discover Bank debit card that comes with the account.



  
Highly rated mobile app

  
Access to more than 60,000 surcharge-free U.S. ATMs

  
Customer service is available 24/7

  
Cash back opportunities based on debit card spending

  
Apple Pay compatible





  
Some mobile app and debit card functions are only available for Apple

  
No interest earned on funds held in the account

  
Cash back earning is capped each month

  
No physical branches




Discover offers optional overdraft protection by linking a second Discover account to your checking account to fund any overdrafts, other than those caused by an ATM withdrawal or POS debit transaction. Those will simply be declined if there are insufficient funds. Without this protection, or if you have insufficient funds in your secondary account, the bank will simply decline or return transactions that overdraw your account.


Discover does not charge an out-of-network ATM fee, but you may be subject to a third-party fee, which will not be reimbursed.


Summary: Best Free Checking Accounts Of 2023


  Account Company - Logo Forbes Advisor Rating Forbes Advisor Rating - Image Annual Percentage Yield Minimum Deposit Requirement Monthly Maintenance Fee Learn More CTA text Learn more CTA below text Learn More    Axos Bank Rewards Checking 4.8 > Up to 3.30% on balances up to $50,000 $50 $0 Learn More On Axos Bank's Website  Quontic Bank High Interest Checking 4.7 > Up to 1.10% on all balances $100 $0 Learn More On Quontic Bank's Website  TIAA Bank Yield Pledge Checking 4.7 > 0.25% $100 $0 Learn More Read Our Full Review  Alliant Credit Union High-Rate Checking 4.6 > 0.25% $0 $0 Learn More Read Our Full Review  Discover Cashback Debit Checking 4.6 > N/A $0 $0 Learn More Read Our Full Review   


Methodology


The accounts on this list have no monthly maintenance fee, low or no minimum balance requirements and few other fees.


To create a list of the best free checking accounts, Forbes Advisor analyzed 157 checking accounts at 66 financial institutions, including a mix of traditional brick-and-mortar banks, online banks and credit unions. We ranked each account on 17 data points within the categories of fees, customer experience, digital experience, access and minimum requirements.


The following is the weighting assigned to each category for free checking accounts:



  
Minimums: 35%

  
Fees: 30%

  
Branch and ATM access: 15%

  
Customer experience: 10%

  
Digital experience: 10%




Specific characteristics taken into consideration within each category included monthly fee, ability to waive the monthly fee, overdraft fee, non-sufficient funds (NSF) fee, ATM fees, minimum deposit requirements and minimum balance requirements. We also considered customer service ratings, mobile access, online access, mobile app ratings and the availability of the account.


Checking accounts with no or very low fees and low minimum requirements ranked the highest. To appear on this list, the checking account must be nationally available.


To learn more about our rating and review methodology and editorial process, check out our guide on How Forbes Advisor Reviews Banks.


What Is a Free Checking Account?


A checking account is considered free if it charges no monthly maintenance fee and has a low or no minimum balance or monthly activity requirement to remain fee-free. However, free checking accounts may still charge fees for certain services, such as overdrafts or wire transfers, so make sure you understand what the checking services will cost you with your supposedly free account.


How To Choose a Free Checking Account


In today’s competitive banking environment, free checking does not mean a lower-quality transactional bank account. All five of the free checking accounts featured here made Forbes Advisor’s Best Checking Accounts Of 2023 and two of these five are among the Best High-Yield Checking Accounts Of 2023.


Although there is no checking account that is 100% free—since uncommon services will have associated fees—the best free checking accounts will be functionally free to the customer. This means you will not have to pay for using your checking account for your most frequent and day-to-day transactions. Look for a free checking account that includes most of the following:



  
No monthly maintenance fee

  
No (or a very low) minimum balance or monthly activity requirement to remain fee-free

  
Access to a large number of surcharge-free ATMs and/or generous out-of-network ATM fee reimbursement

  
Low or no non-sufficient funds (NSF) fees, or an overdraft protection option that is low or no cost

  
Low or no fees for wire transfers, stop payments, debit card replacement, standard checks, returned items or the like, focusing on the services you are most likely to need or use

  
Added perks, such as a decent or better APY, cash back opportunities, excellent customer service, a well-regarded mobile app or early access to your paychecks




How To Open a Free Checking Account?



  
Gather documents and apply. Most accounts require you to be 18 and a legal US resident. You will need to provide a valid government ID, like a driver’s license or passport, and your Social Security number or Individual Taxpayer Identification Number (ITIN). When opening the account, you may need to provide these documents to be copied or uploaded. You also need a current U.S. address. If your current address is not on your ID, you may need to provide a lease, utility bill, bank or credit card statement as proof of address. Depending on the bank, you can complete your application online or at a local branch.

  
Fund the account. Many free online checking accounts require no opening deposit, but to use your account you want to add funds. You can send an ACH transfer or set up direct deposit to fund your new account. Or you can make a deposit in cash or with a check directly at the branch or via an ATM once you receive your debit card. Many banks will also allow you to fund your account from Zelle, PayPal or Venmo.

  
Activate your debit card. In most cases, your bank will send you a debit card by mail. You can activate the card by phone or within the app. Once you receive your debit card you can make purchases or deposit funds.




Pros & Cons of Free Checking Accounts


Pros



  
Relaxed requirements. Many free checking accounts do not require a minimum balance. They often offer lower opening balances, as well. Some free online checking accounts don’t even require an opening deposit.

  
Few fees. Truly free checking accounts should have no monthly service fees or maintenance fees. Some banks claim to offer free checking accounts, but their accounts are only free if you meet certain requirements.

  
Extensive ATM networks. Many free checking accounts offer a large number of ATM locations. Chime and Capital One, for instance, have convenient ATM locations at retailers such as CVS and Walgreens.




Cons



  
Fine print. Some “free” checking accounts require a minimum balance or direct deposit to waive fees. Make sure you read the account disclosures and fee statement before opening any account.

  
Hoops to jump through. Some banks advertise free interest-bearing checking accounts, but in most cases, earning interest requires a minimum number of debit card purchases.

  
Limited features. You get what you pay for, and free checking accounts often lack features compared to checking accounts that carry a monthly fee.




Bottom Line


There’s no reason to pay for a checking account. Free checking accounts offer a simple product and ensure you don’t pay unnecessary fees. Truly free checking accounts don’t require a minimum balance or monthly service fees. No matter what account you choose, make sure you read the account disclosures to find an account that meets your needs.


Banks We Monitor


We monitor the following financial institutions to maintain this list: Acorns, Albert, Alliant Credit Union, Ally Bank, Amalgamated Bank, American Express, Aspiration, Axos Bank, BancorpSouth Bank, Bank5 Connect, BankDirect, BankPurely, Betterment, Bank of America, Blue Federal Credit Union, BMO Harris, Capital One, Charles Schwab Bank, Chase, Chime, CIBC Bank, CIT Bank, Citibank, Citizens Bank, Connexus Credit Union, Consumers Credit Union, Copper, Dave, Discover, E*Trade Bank, Fidelity, First Internet Bank, First National Bank & Trust, FNBO Direct, GoBank, Golden1 Credit Union, Heritage Bank, HSBC, iGoBanking, Investors eAccess, LendingClub, Memory Bank, My eBanc, Navy Federal Credit Union, nbkc Bank, One, Paramount Bank, PenFed, PNC Bank, Quontic, Regions Bank, Redneck Bank, Rising Bank, SalemFiveDirect, Santander, SoFi, Step, TAB Bank, TD Bank, TIAA Bank, Union Bank & Trust, USAA, U.S. Bank, Varo Bank, Wealthfront and Wells Fargo.


Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)


What fees are the most important to avoid?


There are two types of fees you should avoid: recurring fees, like monthly maintenance fees, and high-cost occasional fees, like non-sufficient funds (NSF) fees and out-of-network ATM fees. Both types of common bank fees can end up taking a big bite out of your balance. When you’re researching fees, look to see if an applicable fee can be “avoided” or waived, based on things like maintaining a minimum balance or making a certain number of debit card purchases per month.


How do banks make money on free checking accounts?


Free checking accounts are a great source of funds for banks. Most banks make money by lending funds, and free checking accounts provide access to money often for minimal interest. Even accounts with low balances are beneficial to provide cash on hand to meet the Federal Reserve requirements.


What is FDIC insurance?


The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) offers banking customers protection against bank failure. Specifically, the FDIC insures deposits of up to $250,000 per depositor, for each account ownership category, per insured bank. Should an insured bank fail and be unable to repay its customers’ deposits, your money will be protected. Similar protection is provided by the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA) for deposits in federally chartered and most state-chartered credit unions.


What is the largest frequently charged fee on checking accounts?


The highest fee on checking accounts is an overdraft or insufficient funds fee. These fees can be as high as $35 and can compound multiple times. However, many have banks reduced or eliminated overdraft fees in recent years .


Why should I choose a free checking account?


Checking accounts that charge monthly maintenance fees can get costly. Many accounts with maintenance fees will waive the fee if you maintain a specific minimum balance—which may be calculated on a daily or per statement cycle basis. However, this requirement means you are either stuck paying the maintenance fee or you have an amount of money in your account that you cannot access without triggering the fee.


Next Up In Banking


Information provided on Forbes Advisor is for educational purposes only. Your financial situation is unique and the products and services we review may not be right for your circumstances. We do not offer financial advice, advisory or brokerage services, nor do we recommend or advise individuals or to buy or sell particular stocks or securities. Performance information may have changed since the time of publication. Past performance is not indicative of future results.


Forbes Advisor adheres to strict editorial integrity standards. To the best of our knowledge, all content is accurate as of the date posted, though offers contained herein may no longer be available. The opinions expressed are the author’s alone and have not been provided, approved, or otherwise endorsed by our partners.


Jenn spent the last decade empowering people to make informed personal finance decisions. As a freelance writer and public speaker, she's committed to helping people achieve their goals. She is passionate about thrifty adventure travel, hiking, and cycling.


The Forbes Advisor editorial team is independent and objective. To help support our reporting work, and to continue our ability to provide this content for free to our readers, we receive compensation from the companies that advertise on the Forbes Advisor site. This compensation comes from two main sources. First, we provide paid placements to advertisers to present their offers. The compensation we receive for those placements affects how and where advertisers' offers appear on the site. This site does not include all companies or products available within the market. Second, we also include links to advertisers' offers in some of our articles; these “affiliate links” may generate income for our site when you click on them. The compensation we receive from advertisers does not influence the recommendations or advice our editorial team provides in our articles or otherwise impact any of the editorial content on Forbes Advisor. While we work hard to provide accurate and up to date information that we think you will find relevant, Forbes Advisor does not and cannot guarantee that any information provided is complete and makes no representations or warranties in connection thereto, nor to the accuracy or applicability thereof. Here is a list of our partners who offer products that we have affiliate links for.



  
AdChoices

  
AdChoices

  
Privacy Statement

  
Terms and Conditions

  
About Us

  
Contact Us

  
Careers

  
Coupons

  
Reprints & Permissions

  
Newsroom

  
Forbes Quote of the Day

  
Advertise

