Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=3922755



5 free text apps for Android that send real SMS messages


Finding free text services is hard. However, we think we can help. Here are the best free texting apps for Android.


Searching online for free texting apps is a pain in the rear end. There are free apps that work with your existing SMS service and messenger apps that send messages but not real SMS. This is a problem we hope to rectify with this article. Every app on this list can send free text messages to people one way or the other. The list isn’t very long, though, because this is a niche option. Most cell phone plans have unlimited texting now, and many people have switched to messaging services like WhatsApp or Telegram. With all of that in mind, here are the best free texting apps for Android.


Please note that these apps send texts as a service, not a replacement for the stock SMS app on your phone like Textra or QKSMS. You can find our list for that here.


The best free texting apps for Android


How do free texting apps work?


Free texting apps send texts the way any other service does. You send the text, and the other person receives it. However, these services work separately from your phone, and often have a data component. That means you can send texts from a website or mobile app, and it’ll still show up on the recipient’s phone as a regular text.


None of these services are entirely free. Most free texting apps use two different business models. The first is a monthly allotment of free texts where you have to buy more once your allotment runs out. The second lets users watch or view advertising to earn credits, and those credits let you send texts. These apps are still services and still have to generate revenue, so it’s not surprising to see such systems in place.


10 best texting apps and SMS apps for Android


Text messaging is among the most popular ways to communicate in the whole world. It’s quick, easy to do, and it doesn’t require you to pause what you’re doing like phone calls do. We do understand that many people still prefer the human touch of talking on the phone and we respect that. However, let’s face facts, most people are texting these days. Let’s take a look at the best texting apps and SMS apps for Android. This space hasn’t changed all that much in the last year or two so many of these apps are still the best even if they aren’t the newest.


The best texting apps and SMS apps for Android


Chomp SMS


Price: Free with in-app purchases


Chomp SMS has been around since the good old days of Android and was one of the very first, really good third-party texting apps. It has since evolved into an app that embraces Material Design while still having plenty of features. Some of them include emojis, SMS blocking, quick replies in the notifications, MMS, and group messaging. You can even stop a text mid-send if needed. It also comes with Wear OS and Pushbullet support. It should also work fine with Link to Windows and Android Auto. You’ll likely want to buy out the advertising because it’s kind of annoying, but the SMS part works fine.


Facebook Messenger


Price: Free


We’ll be honest with you. Facebook Messenger isn’t a great app. It uses a ton of battery, storage, and RAM. It also has ads. However, chances are that you have it on your device. Facebook has tons of users, and it’s likely you keep this around because you have those loved ones that just won’t switch to something better. If you’re going to have it around, you might as well enable its SMS support. That way, you can kill two birds with one stone.


It has satisfactory SMS integration, if that helps. We didn’t run into any huge issues while testing it out. Again, this is one of those situations where you’ll probably have to keep this to talk to loved ones, so adding SMS support kind of gives it a little more purpose.


Google Messages


Price: Free


Google Messages (formerly Android Messages) is a free texting app by Google. In terms of features, Android Messages keeps it light. You’ll have some light theming options, some organization and backup features, and a decent search function. The design is entirely Material Design along with Material You. That means it looks good and it’s easy to use.


Google also supports RCS messaging with this app. It’s not great, but it’s a start for RCS fans. This also has a web version for texting on your computer. However, it is a fairly sizable battery drain, so it’s a hit-or-miss kind of feature.


Handcent Next SMS


Price: Free


Handcent, along with Chomp SMS, were the first two really good, really popular third-party texting apps available on Android. Much like Chomp SMS, Handcent is a powerful and heavy texting application with a ton of features. Some of them include themes, a privacy box to store private conversations, SMS backup, eCards, emojis, and plenty more. One of the more interesting features is Handcent Anywhere, which lets you text on your computer and tablet if you want. It’s had its ups and downs in terms of bugs, but it’s usually pretty solid.


There is a subscription available, but you only need it if you intend to back up your messages through Handcent.


Link to Windows


Price: Free


Link to Windows isn’t an SMS app per se, but it’s one of the most powerful free SMS apps on the Play Store. It lets you link your phone to your Windows computer and send texts from the computer. We like this solution because it’s free, you can do it over Wi-Fi or mobile data, and it works pretty well once you get it up and going. Most of the issues we ran into involve the calling-over-Bluetooth feature, but the text stuff works pretty well. I personally use this every day, and it saves a lot of time from picking up the phone off of my desk.


Most issues involve syncing. You can fix most of them by rebooting your phone and computer. I personally didn’t experience this too often in my two years of usage, but the reboots worked every time.


Pulse SMS


Price: Free / $99.99 / $1.99 per month / $19.99 per year


Pulse SMS is one of the most unique texting apps on the list. It’s like any standard SMS app for the most part. However, there is also a back end that will let you text from your PC, tablet, and other devices. Additionally, it also supports dual-sim devices, blacklisting phone numbers, message backup, and more. Here’s how it works. The texting app part of this is completely free. Those who want to also text from PCs, tablets, etc can either pay $0.99 per month or a lifetime fee of $10.99. It’s a good way to kill two birds with one stone.


Maple Media purchased the app from the original developer in 2020. Unfortunately, they bumped up the prices quite a bit, but at least there is still a lifetime option. Luckily, the SMS portion of the app is still entirely free. You only have to pay if you want to text from other platforms, like PC or back up your messages online.


Dingtone второй номер телефона


Нужен номер телефона для SMS и звонков в США? Нужен виртуальный номер для WhatsApp и других приложений? Dingtone — лучшее приложение для виртуальных номеров, которому доверяют миллионы пользователей. Это именно то, что вам нужно!


Зачем использовать Дингтон?
* Выберите второй номер телефона для регистрации в социальных сетях.
* Бесплатные телефонные номера в США, собирая бесплатные кредиты.
* Получить международные телефонные номера для бизнеса и глобального маркетинга.
* Отправка и получение SMS и звонков
* Дешевые качественные звонки


Международные телефонные номера
Dingtone eSIM позволяет получить местные телефонные номера из более чем 300 кодов городов в США, Канаде, Великобритании, Бельгии, Нидерландах, Австралии, Франции, Швеции, Маврикии, Польше, Австрии, Индонезии, Пуэрто-Рико, Чехии, Малайзии, Дании, Румынии. Ваш Android может быть вашим телефоном.


Виртуальный номер для регистрации в социальных сетях
Dingtone eSIM очень надежен для получения SMS-подтверждения и кодов подтверждения вызова.


Бесплатные звонки и сообщения
Вы можете отправлять бесплатные SMS-сообщения и совершать бесплатные звонки, зарабатывая кредиты в Dingtone.Обмен SMS-сообщениями в нашей сети происходит быстро.


Виртуальный номер для защиты вашей конфиденциальности
Получите виртуальный номер без добавления дополнительной SIM-карты. Вы можете отправлять текстовые сообщения и совершать звонки, не показывая свой реальный номер GSM, сохраняя конфиденциальность, и ваша личная информация не будет отображаться в приложениях и на веб-сайтах.


Кристально чистые звонки
Голосовые вызовы перенаправляются через высококачественную выделенную сеть VoIP Dingtone с аудиотехнологией HD.Бесплатные звонки между большинством пользователей Dingtone явно превосходят существующие телефонные услуги.


Дешевые или бесплатные международные звонки
Звоните на любой телефонный номер в более чем 200 странах по очень низким тарифам. Звонки и сообщения между пользователями Dingtone бесплатны. Вы можете поддерживать связь с друзьями и семьей на борту с помощью eSIM Dingtone!


Удивительные премиум-функции
Dingtone eSIM предлагает широкий спектр премиальных функций. включая голосовые сообщения с изображениями Блокировка звонков, переадресация звонков, запись звонков и т.д.
