Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=4632524



Free coins pacybits 20


4 Aplikasi Scan QR Code lagi Barcode di Android Gratis


Dibekali Chipset Anyar, Ini Prediksi Harga Redmi 10


Intel Kenalkan Dua Prosesor Baru, Juga lewat Produk 5G Terkini


Today's Featured


Demi PON Papua, PUBG Mobile Bakal Lakukan Perubahan Ini dekat Game


Cara Mendapatkan Skin Gold Lara Croft di Fortnite, Selesaikan Ini Dulu


 Bikin Daftar Belanja Kayak Kode Ospek, Suami Istri Ini Jadi Perhatian Netiz


 Apa Benar Makan Salad Bikin Kurus? Ini Kata Pelatih Kebugaran 


 Berawal mengenai Gerobak Pinjaman, Baso Aci Akang Kini Punya 600 Karyawan 


Apa itu Metaverse, Dunia Virtual yang Ramai Diperbincangkan


Hot News


 Resep Pembaca: Resep Kue Pukis Rumahan nan Empuk bersama Lembut 


 5 Fakta Bulus, Diolah Jadi Sup Lezat dan Mengencangkan Payudara 


 Orang China Pakai Jamur Reishi dan Licorice menjumpai Ginjal Sehat dan Libi


 Bukan Kue, Chef Ini Bikin Motor demi Cokelat Persis Aslinya 


Disambut Donkey, BTK Mobazane dan Viktor Akhirnya Berkunjung ke Indonesia


 Sakit Tenggorokan? Atasi Dengan Makanan Enak Ini! 


Top Reviews


6 Aplikasi Silaturahmi Virtual, Lepas Rindu yang Tak Bisa Mudik


Jumlah Dislike terdalam Video YouTube Akan Disembunyikan


Siap-Siap, Trailer Baru Anime Bleach Sudah Diluncurkan, Ini Jadwal Tanan Episode Barunya


Cara Ngecheat Mario Bros Nintendo (NES) Pakai Game Genie, Lengkap Kodenya


 Sekop sangkat Payung Jadi Wadah Makanan Unik dan Tempat Sate Kambing Enak h


Popular Posts


Wali Kota Bogor Pamer OOTD Lokal Brand, Netizen Nyinyir Minta Anies Baswedan Ikut Tren Ini


Hanya Niat Magang, Gadis Cantik Ini Malah Dilamar Bos Perbantuanan


#UberCup2020, Apri dengan Putri KW Dominasi Trending Topik


 Wow! Olive Wagyu, Daging Steak Langka di Dunia Hanya Ada di Jepang 


Penampakan Belanja Mingguan Sampai 5 Troli Jadi Sorotan, Apa yang Dibeli?


Recent Posts


 Resep Daging : Bulgogi Steak Keju 


5 Makanan Kaya Nutrisi yang Ampuh Meningkatkan Daya Tahan Tubuh! 


Ditemukan Kota Hilang dempet Hutan Amazon, Tersimpan Piramida Misterius Juga


Tebakan Bocil Kamaludin pada Piala Dunia Benar Lagi, Netizen: Gue Curiga Dia Mafia Bola


Ramai Dibahas, Ini 5 Fakta Unik tentang PHK antara Indosat


PACYBITS FUT 20: Draft, Packs, Builder


Football is the sport with the largest number of fans when compared to other sports. That right. This is a favourite sport in every country. It does not distinguish age, religion, gender and skin color. In this article, we introduce to you PACYBITS FUT 20 (MOD Unlimited Money), an extremely interesting simulation and football management game of publisher PacyBits. The game is based on a mode loved by millions of FIFA players, FIFA Ultimate Team (FUT). In the game, you will manage and recruit superstar players by collecting their cards. Become a coach, find the squad and the players for your team.


PACYBITS FUT 20 is the next version of FUT 18 PACK OPENER and PACYBITS FUT 19. The game allows you to download it for free on Google Play and the App Store. Besides, we offer you the MOD version with unlimited money features. Thanks to the money available, you can easily unlock the cards of your favourite players and find the best squad for you.


Build your squad


When talking about football management games, you might think of games like Football Manager 2020 Mobile. PACYBITS FUT 20 is a football simulation and management game for football lovers in general, and especially for FIFA fans in particular. This game allows you to create a top football team by recruiting good players and building a play-style that suits the club.


Before participating in the match, you need a team full of players. To build your squad, select Enter Draft, then choose a squad you like. There are many tactics for you to choose. The game gives you many popular tactics like 4-3-3, 4-2-3-1, 4-1-2-1-2, 3-5-2, … Which squad do you like best? 4-2-3-1 by Jose Mourinho or 4-3-3 by Pep Guardiola? Please share in the comment below the article.


Choosing a captain is essential that you should do first. The captain must be the most outstanding superstar in the team, you can think of some players like Ronaldo, Messi or Sergio Aguero. They have the highest stats and many effects for the entire squad (shown by the color of the card). With each position, the game gives you 5 random players in that position. Choose a player that suits your tactics, or you can choose your favorite player if you do not have much knowledge about football.


In the same way, you select the remaining positions in the squad, including the goalkeeper, defender, wing-back, midfielder, striker (including the sub squad and other players). Players have different versions of cards, like silver, gold, epic or legendary.


Team Chemistry


Each player has different stats and skills. The game has a feature called Team Chemistry. Your entire squad will increase the hyperlink when you use players of the same nationality or from the same league. The higher the Team Chemistry score, the more it proves that your players have good solidarity and coordination on the pitch. However, this is not always true. Sometimes, a superstar player can beat an entire team with a high Chemistry score. In football, we cannot guess anything.


The transfer market is updated regularly


Although PACYBITS FUT 20 is not officially developed by EA, the game always updates the latest news on the transfer market just like in real life. All clubs and national teams after the summer of 2019, a lot of players have got a new club. Eden Hazard has moved to Real Madrid, Lukaku has moved to Inter Milan. In addition, Manchester United welcomed three new players including Aaron Wan-Bissaka, Harry Maguire and Daniel James.


The game always tries to update players’ stats that reflect their performance in real life. Some young players have increased their stats such as Mbappe, Sancho. In addition, some players have lost their stats because of poor performance or not playing too much this year.


Participate in League


After having a satisfactory squad, it’s time for you to conquer major league. In fact, PACYBITS FUT 20 matches do not require too many skills of the player. This is a football management game, not an ordinary soccer game. You just need to build the squad and tactics for the club, then enjoy the match thanks to the extremely interesting simulation system.


A 90-minute match is simulated in only 1 minute. The system will show the outstanding events in a match such as a dangerous attack situation, a goal or a penalty situation. Sometimes, you will have to do something. For example, when your team is penalized, you need to select the goalkeeper’s position. You need to follow the match and come up with the right tactics by changing players or even changing tactics.


PACYBITS FUT 20 has some modes for you such as Single Player, Online Mode. Are you confident in your tactics? Use your tactics in Online Mode. This is where you compete with online players around the globe. You will get many rewards like money and player cards after winning.


Graphics


In a football management and simulation game, graphics are not so important. Because it does not significantly affect the content and gameplay of the game. However, we need to give compliments to PacyBits. The interface of the game is very beautiful. It gives you the professional feel of a top football game. Dark background color helps the image of the player to stand out on the phone screen.


Conclusion


In short, there are many reasons for you to play this great game. PACYBITS FUT 20 is an indispensable football simulation and management game on your phone. It gives you the wonderful experience of a football game. The game regularly updates the players, the stats and the latest news on the world football transfer market. Are you ready to conquer glory with the superstar players? Download this game now on your phone today. Moreover, it all completely free.


Download PACYBITS FUT 20 APK for Android (MOD / Original)


PACYBITS FUT 20 APK - v1.2.2
