Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=2096681



Get Free Donuts in The Simpsons: Tapped Out


The Simpsons: Tapped Out gives players plenty of options when it comes to purchasing donuts with their own money. However, if you are looking to play the game without making an investment, building up your count of donuts can be a bit harder. Use the tips, tricks, and cheats provided below to get your hands on some free donuts. 


Step 1 
The easiest way to get your hands on free donuts is to level up. Every time you level up in the game, you will be rewarded with one or two free donuts.


Step 2 
Cleaning up the streets of Springfield is one option available to you in The Simpsons: Tapped Out, and sometimes, you will find free donuts as you clean. This can be a hit or miss method, and can take awhile, but it’s something to try if you are desperate for the game’s sugary currency.


Step 3 
Tapped Out will sometimes give players free donuts for special holidays and occasions throughout the year, including Christmas, Halloween, the Super Bowl and more. So make sure to check in on holidays to see if your donut count has increased!


Step 4 
When playing, tap on Homer and make him start playing on his MyPad. While he plays, tap him 10 times in rapid succession. Tap until a screen comes up telling you you’ve found the Jebediah Statue. This “super secret bonus” is worth 10 donuts.


Recap 
The Simpsons: Tapped Out is a game you can play for free, but to do so, you will need to find as many free donuts as possible. The above tips and tricks will help you along that path.


Farming for Free Donuts


Hey hey friends… Wookiee here. Can you believe I just found Cletus in my attic setting bear traps? The nerve of some yokels. Got him to leave by threatening to rip his arms off and telling him about the tender bunny meat down below. Boy is he in for a surprise… I’m the gentle one in this house.


Anywho… Level 41 is upon is and courtesy of one of our amazing readers (and a good bud of mine from TOuk), there’s something new and cool to share which does not come from the files. What is it my friends? Well, click on that continue reading button to find out. HINT: It has to do with farming but not the redneck TSTO kind.


Some of you may have heard of the terms housefarming or XP farming. Opinions vary on the former but this post is actually about the second item. XP farming is a way some tappers choose to try and earn donuts by maxing out their XP bars. In the past, people would use items like weather stations, etc. to boost their XP levels. Basically, you’d place multiple weather stations in your town, collect the XP and then sell them. The hope is you’d get enough XP to max out your XP bar and get a chance for 3 free donuts. Problem is it was very time consuming and often frustrating.


Well, with the Level 41 update, there’s a new decoration that makes this a little easier… The Bloodmobile.


Costing $132,000 each, it yields quite a bit more XP than a $9500 weather station. 13,200 vs. 1,000. Instead of placing 13 stations, one mobile does the trick. Basically, it cuts down on the time it takes to earn the XP. Reader Vogst pointed this out recently and after I saw reader Alpine1M and others comment on it, I had to investigate. Jebus knows I was Burns rich in money anyways.


I went ahead and bought 72 bloodmobiles which cost me $9,504,000, not even half my bankroll.


Each mobile gave me 55,784 XP so 72 equaled 4,016,448 XP… quite a lot. Best part is all that XP leveled up by XP bar 7 different times… THAT’S 21 FREE DONUTS.


Now, it is only fair to state I have spent quite a bit of money in my A town which has a very high bonus multiplier (328%). In my B town which has only 36% multiplier, each bloodmobile only gives 17,933 XP. The standard XP yield for the Bloodmobile without any multiplier is 13,200 XP. What this means is you need to make sure every bonus multiplier item you have is out before you XP farm. I never know why anyone stores these anyways since they increase the cash and XP earning in TSTO. Seriously, you can hide them all over your town.


After celebrating my new premium currency, I of course knew I had no need for a veritable armada of Bloodmobiles in Wookieetown so I sold them for $33000 each. The return was $2,376,000 which makes my total game dollars spent for the whole experiment $7,128,000. Did I mention I leveled up my XP bar 7 times and earned 21 FREE donuts? Basically 3 donuts at a million cash each but it might’ve been more if I were you.


How’s that you ask? Well… simple. I have been playing in my A town for a long, long time. Every time you max out your XP bar and get free donuts, the amount needed to hit the mark again goes up. Guess how many times I’ve done it since my current bar needs 1,594,159 XP total before I get the chance at 3 sprinklies again? The good news is I’m sure a lot of tappers need far less to hit their marks. My B town only needs 296,000 XP since it’s a much newer game. That’s less than only 17 mobiles in that town.


The long and short is that if you have some in-game cash that’s just burning a hole in your virtual pocket, there’s a simple way you can turn that cash into potential donuts. There are a couple variables but I can actually promise this can work provided you have the in-game cash and time to do it. Not quite as good as a direct cash exchange but certainly better than nothing.


Also good to note that you can also do this XP farming with the World’s Largest Zirconia. It costs $5 million and gives you 50,000 XP without any multiplier. When you sell it back, the return cash is $1,250,000. Only downside is as a unique decoration, you have to do this all one at a time. Still a big XP payout but the 38 bloodmobile price equivalent will give you ten times that in XP (over 500,000)… just saying.


One last little note before I go on this. While XP farming can be lucrative, just make sure you leave yourself some money in your bank. Nothing worse than spending it all before new stuff comes out. You know the next building in Level 42 is gonna cost a mint if previous levels are any indication. My suggestion is to always leave a mil or three for the future.


Well, I hope this comes as good news for some of you and something to look forward to for others. I know not everyone has a huge bankroll but I there certainly are quite a few who do. Happy tapa-tapa-tapping everybody. Keep on keeping on and stay classy.
