Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=4900113



How to Get Free Google Play Codes (9 Ways That Actually Work)


There are many good rewards sites, but few offer Google Play codes as a cash-out option. These are the eight best sites and apps to start with.


Some of the links on our website are sponsored, and we may earn money when you make a purchase or sign-up after clicking. Learn more about how we make money.


If you run a search for “rewards sites,” you’ll find dozens upon dozens of legit opportunities to earn free gift cards.


However, only a few offer the ability to exchange your hard-earned rewards for Google Play credits or gift cards.


This article provides you with a list of ways to get free Google Play codes, focusing on nine of the best sites from across the “get-paid-to” spectrum that offer that specific payout option.


Note: The data contained throughout this article was collected on February 21, 2023. We update the post periodically to keep the numbers and ratings current.


#1. Google Opinion Rewards

Google Play Store RatingiOS App Store Rating4.6/5 with 3,068,601 votes4.7/5 with 160,004 reviews

Type of site: Surveys.


Minimum cash-out: None for Google Play credit, $2 for PayPal cash.


Google created Google Opinion Rewards as an in-house market research tool. It lets market researchers create online surveys they can use to gain information about customers.


Google Opinion Rewards’ only earning method is surveys — which means you won’t find a cash-back shopping portal, videos or games on this app.


Upon signing up, it asks you for some basic information about yourself. Once you answer the sign-up questions, Google Opinion Rewards sends you surveys about once a week — although the frequency sometimes changes.


Google Opinion Rewards notifies you when a relevant survey is available, too. Most surveys are relatively short, and you can earn up to $1 in Google Play credits for each survey (though most pay between 10 and 20 cents).


The biggest downside is that the inventory of surveys is very limited, so you may be waiting a while in between earning opportunities. When we tested the app for our Google Opinion Rewards review, we were offered just two surveys over two months.


However, the good news is that if you choose to be paid in Google Play credits, you can cash-out your earnings instantly with no minimum.


#2. Swagbucks

Google Play Store RatingiOS App Store Rating4.2/5 with 114,128 votes4.4/5 with ‎84,152 reviews

Type of site: Surveys, games, shopping, videos, special offers and more.


Minimum cash-out: $25 for Google Play gift cards (and $3 for most other rewards).


Swagbucks is one of the most well-known get-paid-to sites on the web. Users can earn points (which are called SBs) by taking surveys, answering polls, watching videos, playing games, accepting special offers (such as free trial signups), and shopping through the site’s cash-back shopping portal.


Once you earn enough, you can redeem your points for cash or gift cards, including Google Play gift cards.


Swagbucks routinely runs discounts on gift cards, allowing you to get the same gift card for slightly less than face value.


Check out our Swagbucks review to learn more about how the site works.


#3. Survey Junkie

Google Play Store RatingiOS App Store Rating4.4/5 with ‎70,841 votes4.6/5 with ‎66,939 reviews

Type of site: Surveys.


Minimum cash-out: $5.


As the name implies, Survey Junkie is an excellent site to earn points for sharing your opinions through surveys. It’s a simple, easy-to-use website that you can get started on in minutes.


To join, you’ll create an account and answer some profile questions about yourself and your household.


From there, Survey Junkie starts presenting you with survey offers, both in the app/on the website and via email.


Additionally, Survey Junkie occasionally provides the opportunity to participate in focus groups, which tend to pay better rates than standard online questionnaires.


Surveys on the site pay out between 20 and 200 points on average for each survey, depending on length. And unlike many other survey sites, points are paid out instantly, making it one of the fastest-paying survey sites on this list.


Read more about the site in our Survey Junkie review.


#4. Mistplay

Google Play Store RatingiOS App Store Rating4.1/5 with 342,126 votesNo iOS version

Type of site: Games.


Minimum cash-out: $5.


Plenty of people pass the time playing mobile games on their phones. If you’re an Android user, why not earn some Google Play codes by playing games — perhaps so you can buy more games?


Once you download Mistplay, it’ll suggest games to try. You can then create your own custom list of these games — called your Mixlist — to maximize the fun while you earn.


The longer you play each game, the more points (called Units) you can earn.


Save up enough points and cash them out for Google Play codes.


#5. Fetch Rewards

Google Play Store RatingiOS App Store Rating4.7/5 with ‎714,730 votes4.8/5 with 3,792,594 reviews

Type of site: Receipts for cash-back.


Minimum cash-out: $3.


Getting paid for normal activities is always nice. With Fetch Rewards, you can rack up cash-back for your regular grocery shopping by submitting your receipts.


All you have to do is hold onto your receipt (paper or electronic) after your shopping trip and snap a picture with your phone using the Fetch Rewards app.


Fetch Rewards then pays you for any valid offers.


When you reach at least $3 in cash-back, you can cash-out for gift cards or Google Play codes.


#6. Branded Surveys

Google Play Store RatingiOS App Store Rating2.6/5 with 404 votesNo iOS version

Type of site: Surveys.


Minimum cash-out: $5.


Branded Surveys offers numerous opportunities to earn points towards a Google Play gift card, thanks to the fact that it provides you with access to market research options from a wide range of polling companies in a single, unified dashboard.


It also offers the Branded Elite program, which you can qualify for by doing at least 10 surveys a week. As part of the program, you can earn 5%-19% more points.


You can cash-out for a variety of gift cards, including for Google Play. Alternatively, there’s cash, PayPal, and you can even donate your earnings to charity.


#7. PrizeRebel

Google Play Store RatingiOS App Store RatingNo Android versionNo iOS version

Type of site: Surveys, videos, tasks, offers and web browsing.


Minimum cash-out: $2.


PrizeRebel lets you earn rewards points in various ways, from surveys to videos to offer sign-ups and more. It also does contests and raffles regularly.


One unique feature you’ll find on Prize Rebel is account levels. As you earn rewards points for doing tasks, you can move up account levels and earn bonuses on your regular earnings.


The highest level is Diamond, which requires 16,000 points earned and pays 3% bonus points on all earnings.


Additionally, Prize Rebel is known for its fast reward processing. If you need your Google Play credits fast, then Prize Rebel might be the way to go.


#8. InstaGC

Google Play Store RatingiOS App Store RatingNo Android versionNo iOS version

Type of site: Surveys, videos, online shopping, web browsing and app testing.


Minimum cash-out: $1.


InstaGC — short for Instant Gift Cards — pays you points for a variety of tasks, from taking surveys to simply browsing the web.


There’s no mobile app, but InstaGC offers a mobile-friendly website so you can earn on the go.


What sets InstaGC apart is its low gift card payout threshold of only $1. Combine that with a multitude of earning methods, and you can get free apps or games on the Google Play Store quite quickly.


Are Google Play Code Generators Real?


Google Play code generators do not exist. Websites that promise you a Google Play code generator are scams. Some ask for your personal information, which they may then use for phishing attacks. Others might ask you to download software, which is their way of getting a virus onto your computer or device.


Free Google Play Codes: Summary


There are plenty of legitimate money-making sites out there that let you earn a free Google Play gift card, but there are just as many scammers.


Your best bet is to stick with the methods on this list.


And hey, if you ever want real cash, many of these sites will hand that to you instead of Google Play codes, too.


Share


R.J. Weiss is the founder and editor of The Ways To Wealth, a Certified Financial Planner™, husband and father of three. He's spent the last 10+ years writing about personal finance and has been featured in Forbes, Bloomberg, MSN Money, and other publications.


Google Play Coupons & Discounts


Get $5 Toward Your Next Google Play Order w/ Google One


Get $5 toward your next Google Play purchase with Google One membership. Other benefits include jumping to Gold Level in Google Play points when you subscribe to the Premium 2 TB plan. Some restrictions apply. See site for more details.


Shop Best Sellers on Google Play Under $10


Shop these best selling books for just $10 or under. No Google Play coupon code needed. Price reflects discount.


New Subscribers: Get a 1-Month Free Google Play Pass


Your pass to hundreds of awesome games and apps, completely free of ads and in-app orders. Get started with a trial, then just one low monthly price. Yearly subscription is also available. No Google Play coupon code is needed. Sign up and start your free trial automatically. Limited time offer.


Google Play Pass costs $4.99 per month and $29.99 per year in the United States, and family managers can share access with up to 5 other family members.


Get 4x Google Play Points During Special Points Events


Earn up to 4x Google Play Points during Special Points Event.


Get bonus points for trying featured apps and games.


Google Play Pass For $4.99 per month


Google Play Pass costs $4.99 per month and $29.99 per year in the United States, and family managers can share access with up to 5 other family members. Prices reflect discounts.


Get $10 Off First Audiobook Orders $10+


For targeted customers and select Google Play accounts only. Get a $10 discount on audiobook orders of $10 or more! No Google Play promo code is needed.


Earn Points on Orders With Google Play Points


Start out earning 1 point for every $1 you spend on in-app purchases, apps, games, movies, books, subscriptions, and more with Play.


Earn up to 4x points during special events. Get bonus points for trying featured apps and games.


Redeem your points for discounts and special items like characters, gems, and more in some of your favorite apps and games.


You can also redeem points for Google Play Credit to use on anything, including games, apps, movies, and books.


Click through to sign up. Free to join.


Get 12-Month Google Play Pass With Select Verizon Plans


For a limited time, get a Google Play Pass free for 12-months with select unlimited Verizon Plans. No coupon code needed.


Movie Deals of The Week - Savings Up to 50% Off


Save up to 50% off with the Movie Deals of The Week. No Google Play promo code needed. Discounted prices as marked. Limited time offer.


Get Up to 50% Off Recently Released Movies


Check out these deals for recently released movies up to 50% off. No Google Play coupon code needed. Price reflects discount.


Get Select RWBY eBooks for Free


Google Play offers select RWBY eBooks (Official Manga Anthology (Vol 1-5) & The Official Manga (Vol 1-3)) for Free.


No promo code needed. Some restrictions apply.


Shop Free Audiobooks on Google Play


Movies $10 & Under


Shop Book Deals Up to 80% Off All Under $5


Browse books deals for savings up to 80% off all titles under $5. No Google Play promo code needed. Discounted prices as marked.


Get Network Analyzer Pro for $3.99


No coupon code needed. Price reflects discount. Limited time offer.


Network Analyzer can help you diagnose various problems in your wifi network setup, Internet connectivity, and also detect various issues on remote servers thanks to the wide range of tools it provides.


It is equipped with a fast wifi device discovery tool, including all the LAN device's addresses, manufacturers and names, together with the Bonjour/DLNA services they provide. Further, Network Analyzer contains standard net diagnostic tools such as ping, traceroute, port scanner, DNS lookup, whois, and network speed test. Finally, it shows all neighbouring wi-fi networks together with additional details such as signal strength, encryption and router manufacturer to help discovering the best channel for a wireless router. Everything works with both IPv4 and IPv6.


Save Up to 50% Off Audio Books


Save up to 50% on audio books at Google Play! No Google Play promo code needed. Discounted prices as marked.


Shop TV Series for Under $20


Shop Movie Bundles Starting at $15.99


Check out Google Play's Movie Bundles Starting at $15.99! Get a discount when you buy movies together and no Google Play offer code is needed.


Amex Customers: Get $6 Back on Orders $29.99+


Select Amex customers can get $6 back via statement credit on orders of $29.99 or more at Google Play. Must activate offer on eligible card before purchase. Some restrictions apply. Limited time offer. Valid until 4/17/2023.


Expired Offers


Get In-Game Bonus Up to $20 With Google Play Gift Card Purchase


Receive an in-game bonus valued up to $20 in Diablo Immortal when you buy a Google Play gift card.


Valid for in-game items from Diablo Immortal on Google Play. Open to users who redeem a Google Play gift card purchased at participating retailers between 1/3/2023 and 3/31/2023. Redeem by 4/30/2023.


See site for more details.


Take an Extra $5 Off Your First Audiobook Purchase $5+


For targeted customers and select Google Play accounts only. Receive a $5 discount on audiobook orders of $5 or more! No Google Play promo code is required.


This app store provides applications for Android devices and is the official app of the Google operating system. It comes automatically installed on all Android devices. Find thousands of apps for movies, TV, books, music, and audio books and streams, as well as social media.


There are many different Google Play deals available to help users save. Keep these discount tips in mind to save on those Google Play books you've been eyeing for a while.


Shop in the Discount Sections


There are quite a few discount sections spread throughout this app store. For example, if you're looking for books, browse through the "books under $10" category. These Google Play sale sections include marked down items at discounted rates as well as those that are cheaper for other reasons. Often you can find quality, best-selling books and applications in the discounted areas.


Don't Forget About the Free Stuff


Google Play offers many different free items for their customers to enjoy. You can navigate to each free section or just type "free" in the search bar to see the hundreds of options available. From books to Google Play movies to video games, there is almost always a free option available for you to take advantage of.


Purchase Bundle


Choose a bundle to save even more money. Head to the store's bundle category where Google Playy bundles together plenty of games, pieces of music and movies. Buying one bundle can be much cheaper than purchasing each item separately. Those looking to expand their 4K digital movie library via Google Play can now expect to pay an average of $10 less per 4K movie title. Films that previously sold for close to $30 can now be had for under $20.


Jot Down the Contact Information


If you run into any problems or have questions about Google Play coupons call their support line at 1-855-466-4438. This line is available during all regular business hours. You can also visit the help center for answers to commonly asked questions.


About Slickdeals


Slickdeals is the leading crowdsourced shopping platform:



  
Slickdeals strives to offer a comprehensive coverage of the best coupons, promo codes and promotions for thousands of different stores like Google Play. We have a dedicated team that works around the clock to find, post and verify the offers we present to consumers.

  
In the last 20 years, Slickdeals has saved online shoppers over $6.8 billion.

  
We have 11 million active savvy shoppers, you can join our community by signing up.

  
Slickdeals is the eighth largest online shopping destination in the U.S

  
Download our Slickdeals chrome extension, get the best prices and auto apply coupons.

  
Get great savings and deals at your fingertips by downloading our Slickdeals Mobile App on iOS or Android.



  1 Google Play Coupons and Promo Codes for April Ongoing  2 Get $5 Toward Your Next Google Play Order w/ Google One Ongoing  3 Shop Best Sellers on Google Play Under $10 Ongoing  4 New Subscribers: Get a 1-Month Free Google Play Pass Ongoing  5 Get 4x Google Play Points During Special Points Events Ongoing   
