Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7458249



20 Funny Profile Pictures Sure To Get a Laugh


One of the most important parts of any social media account is your profile picture. This is the first thing people see and says a lot about who you are. While most people will use a profile pic that shows them in a good light, not everyone cares that much about themselves. Many people prefer funny profile pictures that demonstrate their humor.


A funny profile picture not only shows you have a funny personality but also allows you to post a wide range of pictures. You can use a hilarious picture of yourself pulling funny faces or dressed up in a costume. If you would rather not put up a photo of your face, then there are literally millions of other options. Use an image of a cartoon character, Kanye West, a random picture of an animal, or even a meme!


The best thing about using funny profile pictures is that you can give someone else a laugh. They say laughter is the best medicine so when someone comes across your profile on social media or sends a message on WhatsApp or other messaging apps, it will bring a smile to their face and give them a boost of serotonin.


If you think a good profile picture equates to a funny one, then we are here to help. We have scoured the Internet looking at many different social media profiles and funny images to bring you this collection of funny profile pictures you can try.


20 Funny Profile Pictures Sure To Get a Laugh


1. Winking Cartoon Cat


This is a pretty hilarious profile picture sure to get a few laughs and replies in the comment section.


2. Tyler, the Creator Uses Microsoft Paint


Someone did Tyler, the Creator bad. Very funny profile picture though.


3. Donald Trump Looks Like a Thumb


Once you see it you can’t unsee it. Trump with a thumb-like head is both horrifying and hilarious.


4. Mini-Messi


This image is cute and would make a great profile picture for anyone in a WhatsApp sport chat group.


5. Got a Light?


This is a very clever Facebook profile picture that shows great inventiveness.


6. Spanish Laughing Guy


The “Spanish Laughing Guy” meme gets the funny profile picture treatment as it’s merged with Boo from Monsters Inc.


7. Profile Picture Meets Background Images


Another clever profile picture that will take a bit of effort but provides plenty of laughs.


8. Monkeying Around


Is there anything funnier than an animal dressed like a human? A monkey with lipstick and a wig is hilarious. Also, no monkeys were harmed in the making of this profile picture.


9. Shaq-Thanos


This image of basketballer Shaquille O’Neal pulling a funny face as Thanos is a great profile picture idea.


10. Pulling No Punches


Another clever Facebook profile that requires some skill to pull off.


11. Love Is in the Air


Let everyone know how much you love them with this weird profile picture.


12. Upside Down Face


This profile picture will leave you scratching your head trying to work out what is happening with the guy’s head.


13. Mr. Bean Meets Harry Potter


This is the crossover you didn’t know you needed. Mr. Bean as Harry Potter would certainly have given the movies a few more laughs. This is a great profile pic that will confuse people at first before giving them a good chuckle.


14. John Cena Like You’ve Never Seen Him Before


Here’s an image of WWE legend John Cena in drag. Put this as your social media profile picture and watch the comment section fill up.


15. Roasted Kid Meme


The “roasted kid” meme is a classic that makes for a great profile picture. You can’t help but laugh at the ginger kiddie


16. Otis


This freaky still shot of Kanye West is taken from the “Otis” music video clip. In it, West and Jay-Z cruise around in a modified Bentley while rapping in front of a giant American flag.


17. Will Shrek


Here’s Will Smith as Shrek. Scary, yes, but also funny.


18. Pajama Kid


This is another iconic meme that makes a great profile picture. The “pajama kid” meme is a young boy wearing SpongeBob PJs while posing for a school photo. As you can see from his face, he’s loving life.


19. Sad Pepe


Another great profile picture is the “sad Pepe” meme that will give everyone a good laugh.


20. Funeral


We dare you to put this photo as your profile picture.


50 WhatsApp Funny Images & Profile Pictures


Finding a spot-on way to represent yourself online doesn’t seem like it should be a difficult thing, but the sea of media that’s presented each time you try to search for a good profile picture makes it difficult to decide which to choose, let alone how to figure out what you want in the first place. And as we could all use a little jest in our lives, it makes sense to make a selection from among funny profile pictures. Why not? Advertisement


Appamatix has 50 funny images and funny profile pictures that can give your creative juices a boost when choosing an image for your WhatsApp DP. Funny? Check. Hilarious? A synonym, but double-check. We also have some heartfelt pictures and more impacting ones–good quotes and phrases to affect some feelings from the folks in your contact list. Sometimes that’s the name of the game — evoking feelings, whether it’s from a funny profile pic or all around good feeling pic.


How you portray yourself online, even in something so simple as a profile picture, has never been more important. As our digital lives gain greater relevance–weighing almost as much as what happens in our day-to-day lives–it’s critical that you take control of how other people are seeing you.


For many, that means paying more attention to the consequences of your shares, posts, and tweets, but there are passive gains to be had from shaping your profile to specifically represent you exactly like you want it to. Fond of making humorous posts? Your profile picture can go two ways—double strength, by using a funny image or quote, or play it up ironically, with one of many comically serious funny profile pictures.


Or, you could always use a funny meme. I don’t know if you’ve heard, but memes will be officially replacing the English language in the next year or so. (Strike me down for telling a lie, but honestly, it feels like it sometimes!)


As long as we’re on the topic of WhatsApp (because everyone needs a funny profile pic there), let’s talk about why your profile representation is especially important. It’s a fairly streamlined interface, right? It’s a far cry from being as media-centric as the likes of Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, or Kik. Cleaner lines, more professional presentation, and if we’re being critical, quite a lot easier to read than the messaging functions in much of its competition.


However, because it’s less media-rich than other apps means that the important media is going to stand out even more. That’s right, you guessed it. Your profile picture is going to be getting extra attention from the prying eyes that view your profile. The only reasonable response is to hunt a picture (or “DP” for display picture, as WhatsApp is fond of calling it), that best sums up you. Or, you know. Twenty pictures that you cycle through on a regular basis.


All of that being said, it’s going to be up to you to decide what works best for you. Below, we have 50 fantastic funny profile pictures, any of which will serve as a cute, funny, romantic, or inspiring WhatsApp DP. Clap your hands together and get some creative juices flowing! 


50 WhatsApp Funny Profile Pictures


I’m not sure who looks more perplexed in this image…or who looks more handsome, for that matter. An example of “snout in focus.” It’s a great funny profile pic.


Woody? Toy Story? I don’t know what happened, here, but it only gets better the longer that you look at it.


A “balanced breakfast” probably doesn’t mean balancing whatever the hell you like on top of some Cheerios, but it’s a great image, nonetheless, and would be an awesome funny profile pic!


We can all relate. You know it.


If you don’t understand the pun, wafer it.


Is bacon a trendy thing, or has everyone really just “liked it this entire time?” Either way, I’m not inclined to disagree with a good luck charm that tastes this good.


Oh, temptation, you come in so many wicked forms. I don’t know that religion is going to keep you fast and true to your diet, though. Maybe MyFitnessPal a poster-size print of Hollister cat, above?


When you see [insert anything that has more limbs than my cat], this is the face I make! Of course, our arachnid friends can’t really help themselves, can they?


We’re supposed to be afraid, but all that I can think is, “Has the day finally come that dinner is going to write its own check?”


I’ll save us both from the One Direction lyrics that I could quote, and say instead that both of these people are wishing they could turn back time. Only by a few seconds. Or, maybe back to when smartphones and Snapchat weren’t yet a thing…


“Go! Get to the chargaaa!” Another meme spawned from the 1980s film that predicted the state governorships of two celebrities. Bonus trivia: post in the comments if you know which film we’re talking about!


“All of the flavors in the world and you chose to be salty?” Bring a little bit of positivity to your WhatsApp DP!


It’s a two-way road, those long-distance relationships! Still, that apprehension and worry is such a real thing! Convey a little bit of it for a while in this profile picture.


We’ve always been told that we can be anything that we’d like to, but equally true is the fact that we have to work to get anywhere at all! The only way to knock down the walls that we put up is persistence, resolve, and all of the learning that we can do along the way.


So true! It’s sort of the same exact reason that you’re here, looking for a top-notch funny profile picture, isn’t it?


Now that every teenager is packing a smartphone, does anyone have “notebook sweethearts” anymore? It’s a sad day if that’s faded into the past, but either way, this image is a call back to simpler times of love letters and notes, rather than text messages.


“We’re also selling puns, irony, quip, and all of it comes with a half-helping of ‘tude!”


As long as you’re only willing to take this imaginative ploy as far as your WhatsApp DP, I think we can both keep laughing.


“Where’d you get the coconuts? …Are you suggesting coconuts migrate?” Bonus trivia, if you can tell us where it’s from, in the comments below!


And the day after that? Pizza. And for another five years, not a drop of drive-thru, because you can’t be a Spartan and also have dad bod!


A little bit of extra studying will probably do more than a clever WhatsApp DP, but it can’t hurt, right?


Contrary to what’s suggested by this clever profile picture, you don’t need a tail to practice self-control.


“We are each responsible for the energy that we carry with us!” Attitude can change everything, so take the bad and the good, wholesale, and make the day your own!


Remember what I said about “20 different pictures that you rotate on a regular basis?” Change that number to anything you like, because nobody is going to balk at your WhatsApp DP. If anything, friends and contacts will be happy for the fresh images, as often as you want to provide them!


I’m not sure what the problem is, here. Did the driver eat too much poultry? Too many chicken/road jokes? Whatever they did to offend the feathery flock, don’t let it stop you from taking advantage of the consequences for your WhatsApp DP.


Sometimes, we could all use a little reminder to peek our heads up from the smartphone. Hopefully, your surroundings don’t have to be on fire before that happens!


Cynical people will view this as a sad truth. Optimists will be glad that we can live in a world like this! Let’s all work towards making the world a safer place, where happiness can be guaranteed for more, and the biggest fears we face on a daily basis are running out of smartphone battery charge.


Turtleburger. Don’t tell me that it doesn’t make sense. I know that it doesn’t make sense. Please see the image above about “not having to explain oneself to anybody,” because Turtleburger doesn’t have to.


On the day that fast food becomes an industry standard, delivered via high-speed internet access, the US will finally cave in and upgrade its ancient internet infrastructure.


You know what’s worse? When that air is sharing the bag with already crushed chips. The horror…the horror…


Because none of us are, right? When you’re faced with the expectation of perfection, a smile is the best thing that you can put on.


Well, what do you think, Appamatix readers? Surely, a selection of fifty great images won’t encompass all that the wide world of the internet can offer you for your profile picture needs, but if you didn’t find one to your liking, hopefully, you’re being pulled in the right direction. Sometimes, everyone’s creativity needs a little kick in the pants, and nothing inspires quite like looking at other peoples’ favorites in any particular category.


Of course, if you don’t know where to look next, I recommend heading off to Google Images or Pinterest to continue your search. Think about what you say here, and let what you’ve enjoyed lead your search! Meanwhile, if you enjoyed our 50 funny/cute/serious WhatsApp profile pictures and images, let us know which were your favorites in the comments below!


30 Of The Funniest Profiles Spotted On Tinder (New Pics)


With hundreds, if not thousands, of users in just your area alone, getting noticed on Tinder can be quite the task. That’s why some people like to get creative when it comes to their bios – and their efforts do not go unnoticed.


People are sharing the funniest and most creative profiles they’ve spotted on Tinder, and you can’t help but admire their ingenuity. Check out some of the best ones in the gallery below, and if you want more, make sure to read our previous post here!


#1 I Super Liked Her, Just For That Awesome Bio


#2 She’s Not Wrong


#3 Genius


#4 A Rough Experience, I Must Admit


#5 Spotted An Angel


#6 Touché


#7 Changed My Age Range Just For Fun And The First Profile Is


#8 This Legitimately Made Me Laugh Out Loud


#9 She’s Just Looking For Her Prince Charming


#10 His Bio Cracked Me Up


#11 Glad To See Humor Isn’t Dead


#12 Had Me In The First Half, Not Gonna Lie


#13 Seems Like A Good Plan


#14 I Swiped Right, Not Gonna Lie


#15 Great Bio


#16 Sounds Like She Already Has Everything Planned Out


#17 Just Promise The Perfect Date, And Watch The Matches Roll In


#18 Do You Think Her Mom Uses Reddit?


#19 Friends With Benefits


#20 Sorry, What?


#21 I Can’t Stop Laughing


#22 Tragedy Of Tinder


#23 Holy ****


#24 Lean Into It


#25 Good News. We Matched


#26 Figured I Gotta Get Over My Fear Of Girls Somehow. Wish Me Luck


#27 Best Bio I’ve Seen In A While, Westjet Is The Airline


#28 The Perfect Woman Does Exist


#29 *tears*


#30 I Swiped Right


 Aušrys Uptas 


One day, this guy just kind of figured - "I spend most of my time on the internet anyway, why not turn it into a profession?" - and he did! Now he not only gets to browse the latest cat videos and fresh memes every day but also shares them with people all over the world, making sure they stay up to date with everything that's trending on the web. Some things that always pique his interest are old technologies, literature and all sorts of odd vintage goodness. So if you find something that's too bizarre not to share, make sure to hit him up!


Subscribe


Daily artshake in your inbox.
