Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=3011229



Games Like Summertime Saga – Top 51 games Like Summertime Saga 2023


Summertime Saga is one of the best, high-quality adult dating games. Primarily based on a novel, it portrays virtual reality at its peak.


Games Like Summertime Saga – Top 51 Games Like Summertime Saga To Check Out in January 2023


It follows a male protagonist who tries to bring out the reason behind his father’s death which happened recently. Moreover, he tries to juggle all this with his school, his finances and trying to get a date. The game provides us with so many interesting scenarios and mysteries that are mind-boggling and can make you want more.


Games Like Summertime Saga


But, if you have already finished the game and are looking for a few more simulator-based games, here are the Top 42 games like Summertime Saga to check out in 2023.


Life in Woodchester – #1 Best Game Like Summertime Saga


One of the newest dating sim games in the visual novel space is Life in Woodchester developed by Dirty Sock Games. This visually impressive game centers around a young protagonist who wants to reconnect with the people around him and solve tension in the household. The game currently focuses on more of the household with the Bratty older roommate Tara, the innocent younger roommate Lily & the charming landlady Janice. Of course, the game lets you customize your relationships with each character by calling them whatever you like. The quality is very high and even surpasses Summertime Saga in rich features like character movement and camera panning. There are plenty of animated CGs and pseudo-dialogue options. While the game is high quality, it is still early on and needs more content. Built on its own engine via Game Maker Studio 2, the developers promise quality mini-games like Poker & BlackJack while including improvements to stats & energy.


Momorio Closet – #2 Best Game Like Summertime Saga


Games Like Summertime Saga If novel-based games are what you’re into, Memorial Closet is what you should seek. Integrating anime into the fields of virtual reality and simulation, the game provides a view into an average teenage romance.


Its creative quotient makes it amusing. It portrays the unlikely romance between upper-class Kagamihara Alice and Middle-class Joe Hashima Reiji, who bond on a show. The game is largely based in the Otaku Mecca of Akihabara. As a user, you can directly experience the anime and gaming paradise as you date your anime-obsessed cosplayer schoolmate! Based on how you choose, the algorithm will then set you up with either a beautiful, heartfelt love story or an intense, passionate experience of lust. This is what makes it like Summertime Saga, yet with added spice! The mystery of the game will leave you wanting more. So if you’re an anime fan who’s looking for some virtual fun, with the added storyline, creativity, flavor, and passion, then this game is the one you should go for. Although, this game is not available online and so you will have to download it from Stream.com.


A town uncovered – #3 Best Game Like Summertime Saga


A town uncovered Yet another visual reality dating game like Summertime Saga is A town uncovered. Based on another intriguing storyline, this high-quality dating app basically revolves around a protagonist who is fairly new to town and is curious in general about it. The protagonist is a high school student who has an intuition that the new town he has just moved in is very weird, it isn’t a stereotypical town that one would expect. This makes him discover gradually a secret, how people in town automatically disappear into thin air out of nowhere and act weirdly. All you see coming at yourself are mysterious and strange events that shall make your mind go wayward. It primarily deals with character relationships and skill stats. Adding to it, there are very wide and intriguing side quests that one could undergo. The city is left to your disposal to explore with so many shady and isolated locations and of course, H-rated scenes. Your character has certain attributes and personality traits and you can indulge in romantic relationships with several people at once which shall increase your stats. Just like the game Summertime Saga, the storyline is totally based on choices and likings, and what you do is totally based on fantasies and fetishes.


Waifu Academy


Waifu Academy A game primarily based on this high school called ‘Saizen Academy’, this creative virtual reality is based on simulations that again are character and storyline based like Summertime Saga. This game is like combining the Sims and Honey Select. The story flows much better than the others with the inclusion of dreams, corruption, etc. The humor is on point, the animations are beyond fantastic and the script is vividly interesting. The story involves you being a guy with a choice of your name to be a part of a revenge mission that is based on 30-year-old, existing rivalries. This game is more action-based unlike the others mentioned in the list. This game is available for free on the Android App Store.


Coming out on Top


Coming out on Top Ever wondered what is it to interact and maintain relationships with men? Ever thought about what your life would look like if you would have been gay, or is it your fantasy to be involved with other males? Then this game is really out there to fulfill your curiosity and desires! Like Summertime Saga, it is based on virtual simulations with a tinge of dating scenarios, yet this one comes with a twist. It is a 2014 gay-themed sim interactive novel-based video game developed by Obscura. Mark Matthews, the lead guy finds himself primarily dealing with male figures. It essentially involves Mark coming out to his roommates before the commencement of the final year of college. Consequently, as a result, he consciously makes choices to deal with masculine figures all this while. Adding spice to it, he also has a pet fetish yet he is speculating his friends and family to be judgemental about it and so he confines himself within himself. He then goes on to flirt with several men until he eventually chooses the most masculine one in the end. This is lesser based on choices yet the provoking storyline makes up for it. So, if you are looking to explore a few interesting things about gay men and sexuality, pet fetishes, and gay relationships, this one is the best to quench your curiosity. It can be downloaded from Stream.com


Lab Rats


Lab Rats This is more of an incentive-based game, but like Summertime Saga, the roadway to the end is filled with excitement. This high-quality adult game is more or less based in a chemical production factory. You become a guy who works in this chemical factory and your job is to make chemical solutions as per demands. But, there is a slight twist in the tail coming your way! Every time you get a chemical solution right, you get to sleep with a fellow co-worker. So, to get your chemistry with your fellow co-worker right, you will have to create chemical solutions and get them right. The incentive drive makes you passionate and urges you to complete tasks to obtain your fantasies.


Crusoe had it easy



Crusoe had it easy This fun game is very popular among teens, like Summertime Saga itself. This choice-based virtual reality simulates a very complex plot that you find yourself entangled in, not the boring way though! The crux of this game lies in incest relationships- whether you consider your feelings for your cousins and go ahead with them or stick to your family rules and not deal with the cousin. The plot makes the protagonist stuck with a cousin on an estranged island, and while they are looking out to just survive, things start taking a turn. This game has various endings, it all depends on you and your desires! It is available on Windows.


Snow Daze – The Music of Winter


Snow Daze – The Music of Winter This is like a combination of Crusoe Had it Easy and Lab Rats. It means it could never get so complex yet so intriguing! This novel-based game looks at the protagonist called Jason who has a huge crush on his really hot step-mom and her three daughters. To his surprise, one day the circumstances become such that they cannot leave the house and are stuck with each other. In what is next to follow, they have to use their musical talents to get everything that they desire. This game is also available on Windows and it is absolutely free to download.


Ladykiller in a Bind


Ladykiller in a Bind Based on similar lines as Summertime Saga, Ladykiller in a Binder is a really intense, passion-filled erotic novel-based game by Christine Love in 2016. The plot revolves around the lives of a protagonist who is stuck on a cruise ship with his twin and several other classmates, friends, or enemies. Although, he finds himself in complex emotional manipulation and a source of such hindrances is basically his enemies that try to create hiccups every now and then. As you dive into this world, you will find the storyline to be taking an interesting shape. So dive in and enjoy it!


Dreaming of Dana


Dreaming of Dana The plot of this game is one of the most revered ones as it fulfills a lot of guy fantasies, one is to become a rich kid who has everything he needs. But this richness has given him a really bratty attitude. When you start the game, you are working with your dad’s sister named Dana, who isn’t as rich as you. As things start heating up, you start developing feelings for Dana. This strange relationship dynamic makes it just like Summertime Saga. You will further find many more interesting characters who you will share your story with. This game is free to download on Windows, so go ahead!


Amber’s Magic Shop


Amber’s Magic Shop Very much unlike the other virtual reality simulation-based games primarily based on dating, this one has an element of ‘darkness’ like Summertime Saga. Your character is that of Amber who is a dark elf. Sadly, she was abandoned as a baby in the woods of Cecilia. Later on, she was found and adopted by a witch named Vin. It is her decision to make Amber an Alchemist in life. Eventually, she was sent to Isilia to become an alchemist and her job. That’s where the game starts and the road ahead is mysterious yet interesting. It is available on Android and freely available!


Sisterly Lust


I know exactly what you’re thinking once you’ve read that name, and yes you’re right! This game, like Summertime Saga, deals with relationship dynamics that are based on lust and passion. Just like Summertime Saga, it is built on choices. But there are two important stats “Trust and Corruption“. It is on the basis of these stats you will get to move ahead and encounter scenarios accordingly. So be careful and do not let your trust statistics fall down. It is free to play and easily downloadable on most platforms.


Harem Party


Harem Party Not as many games are exact reproductions of reality as Summertime Saga, but this one will blow your mind, assuredly! The idea behind this game includes the protagonist playing a video game at first. What happens next may make you lose your sense of what is real and what is not. Astoundingly, all the characters from the video game come out in real life and compel you to patty with them! Imagine getting to be a part of this one hell of an event. You can interact with these party mongers and fulfill all your desires with them, go host this party right now. It is absolutely free to download on any PC.


Monster Prom


Monster Prom Released on 27th April 2018, developed by a beautiful glitch, this video game is as surrealist as it gets. Consider that you only have 3 weeks to get a date for the prom this year, that’s easy, right? Oh, wait, twist! The prom is indeed a monster prom, the school is filled with monsters. What you have to do is go inside this surreal world and do fun stuff with your monster classmates and get yourself in exciting situations before you are able to take your prom date out! Feels intriguing right? You will have to spend a little for those monsters and buy them at Stream.com


Life is Good



Life is Good – Top 41 games Like Summertime Saga To Check Out in 2023 Don’t worry, this is not based on the LG company. Yet, the game’s virtual reality simulation will indeed make you feel life is good. Just like Summertime Saga, this is a first-person’s choice-based visual novel filled in with excitement and mystery. As a protagonist, you move on to a completely another city with your family, and that’s when this game begins. You can download it on your android devices for free.


Good Girl Gone Bad



Good Girl Gone Bad If or whether you were a girl, would you be a good one or a bad one? If you’re looking for the answers to that question, you should definitely look into this game. It’s the same type of Game-like Summertime Saga and other virtual reality-based novels, this one includes putting you in front of various scenarios which define eventually whether you are a good girl or a bad girl. To find out your character now! It is completely free on your PC These are some really interesting games with virtual reality simulations, premium quality, and wonderful storylines based on the unique ability of each game to fully quench your curiosities and desires. All these make it just like Summertime Saga, so if you want to relive something like it again, go check them out!


Lady-killer in a Bind


A similar game to Summertime Saga is Lady-killer in a Bind. It is a free alternative to Summertime Saga that is available to download. Ladykiller in a Bind is a similar game to Summertime Saga. Adventure and mystery fill this role-playing game for adults. There are several events in the game that make it very addictive. There are a variety of maps and helpful graphics. In this game, players interact with female characters and earn money by interacting with them. Your character can level up by completing missions and unlocking items.


Momoiro Closet


In Momoiro Closet, the players must converse with an AI chatbot through text messages – a visual novel or a slice-of-life romance storyline game. Your choices determine how the story progresses by selecting dialogue options, and you get to know these characters better by developing friendships and pursuing love over time. The Momoiro Closet offers a menu for easy access to how to respond to various situations in case you are inefficient at writing text messages. Additionally, different individuals share their experiences as part of the community. You can find out more about what is relevant by reading the tweets rather than simply watching them.


Man of the House


You can download the game, which revolves around a fictional private school. A renowned musician seeking revenge for years of mistreatment is the protagonist of this game. Several characters are available depending on the player’s interests, traits, and personality. Designed for people in wheelchairs, Man of the House is a mobile game. A North London-based company, Pixel Toad, designed it with the aim of creating a more inclusive world. There was no question as to what the client needed. However, they had no idea how to do it. The Pixel Toad team had never created a mobile app before, but they were up for the challenge!


The Fate of Irina


You can play Irina, the protagonist of The Fate of Irina. Discover what happened to this land by making decisions and interacting with the world. This role-playing game lets you take on the role of Irina, the protagonist. In order to discover what happened to this land, you must interact with the world and make decisions. The gameplay is based on the fictional world of Irina in The Fate of Irina. It is up to the player to decide what Esenya will do as she travels through this land. Exploring the world around her, interacting with people and objects, and solving puzzles are all part of her daily routine.


Dual Family


There’s no doubt you’ve heard of Dual Family if you’ve played any role-playing games. A unique feature of the title is the ability to play as either the father or son of a couple. Parent-child relationships are explored within the game, as well as different types of relationships. There are regular updates to add new content to the dual family. It is beautifully rendered and regularly updated with new content. If you’re having a good time with your family, play this game. It is certain that you will find a Dual Family game that suits your tastes. Take an example such as Coming Out on Top, the game focuses entirely on male interactions and perspectives. As you explore different paths through life, the plot offers deeper meaning even though the game is largely about masculinity. A quest for finding purpose is the focus of this game, which centers on Mark Matthews.


Imojiri


It’s a little more serious than other casual games. During the game, you assume the role of a college student whose father fired her because she failed to pay off his mafia debts. A dangerous adventure awaits you as you meet several characters. At the beginning of the game, the character feels inadequate and isolated from the rest of the family. His death becomes increasingly mysterious as the plot unfolds. A decent-looking social gathering simulator is available for free for young men who are invited to house parties so they can become acquainted with beautiful ladies. Live there. It is necessary for him to run errands for them to fetch. As a result, this can lead to a romantic relationship. There are, however, people who won’t enjoy it. It’s not for everyone.


Anna Dreampainters


The software company develops an adventure game based on psychological horror. Anna is a simple story about a young girl who falls in love with a much younger man. She never quite understands why her life is at risk. However, once she has been persuaded, she is powerless to let go. I should mention that the game is quite short: approximately six hours of gameplay. This extended edition features more endings than the original game, so you can explore them all. One of the most enjoyable video games has a shorter story than the first game.


Maoten


The game Maoten tells the story of a young man whose father was murdered by criminals. He was owed money by some criminals whose father was in debt. Now that his father has been killed, the young man must deal with his finances and determine his prom date on his own. One reason it’s free to download is that it requires good memory skills.


Perverted Hotel


Perverted Hotel is a game aimed at wanton gamers if you like adult-oriented video games. There is a mystery surrounding the death of a young man’s father in a college dorm where he finds himself thrown into a dorm. His life is at risk due to semi-nude women who want to ruin it. Census, with the darkest fantasies becoming using exquisite rhetoric and aesthetics, the game explores the concept of consensus, which allows the darkest fantasies to become licit. A young musician named Jason is punished in a dingy attic in this game. Y is made up of a smarties family consisting of a smart older sister, a flirty younger sister, and an endowed mother. Jason resides there primarily to play the cello and practice mind control.


Life is Good Games


Life is Good Game is an excellent audio-visual experience. A real sense of humanity is evoked by the characters and they are well-developed. Despite its short length and straightforward nature, the story contains a few surprises. A captivating story makes Persona 5 an enjoyable experience, and players will get lost in its world. Chloe and Max’s friendship is the foundation of Life is Good Game’s narrative. There is a sweetness to their friendship, but there is also turmoil. Emotional highs and lows are experienced and extreme highs and lows are experienced. A game evokes the emotions of the player. game’s emotional impact is further enhanced by Austin Wintory’s score. Additionally, the game contains some great comedy moments. This is an incredibly touching game that you’ll want to play again and again.


Analistica Academy


You should check out Analistica Academy if you enjoy erotic visual novels. ero and chuuni style games are parodied in this PC game. There are fun twists and unique gameplay mechanics in this racy, erotic comedy game. It is your quest to win three powerful girls’ hearts as Hora Machia, son of legendary Dakota. It is recommended that you have at least 1 GB of RAM and an Intel Pentium 4 1300MHz CPU in order to download Analytica Academy. An emulator for Steam Proton is available for Linux PCs that allow you to play the game. If you’re running Windows, you can enable Steam Play. The Mac OS version must already be installed and running in order to install the game.


Forgotten Paradise


There are some predictable aspects to Forgotten Paradise’s storyline, and its difficulty is uneven. It is possible to lose track of what you are doing and end up forgetting the game’s purpose at times. With exotic creatures, dark mysteries, and point-and-click adventure gameplay, the game is set in a fictional African nation. For its atmosphere and atypical gameplay, it’s worth playing despite its repetitive nature at times.


Sister, Sister, Sister


You can bond with your friends by playing this popular drinking game from the ’90s. Playing this game is fun in several ways. The first thing you need is two coins of the same denomination. Following that, each player chooses which sister they would like to seduce. Played with one person and a partner, it’s similar to the classic drinking game.


The Awakening


There is an adventure game based on a visual novel called The Awakening. It depends on the situation, whether the player is nice or a jerk. In addition to being easy to navigate, the game’s GUI does not interfere with its core gameplay. There is no doubt that the visuals in The Awakening are excellent. Awakening offers a different experience to Summertime Saga fans. There are many similarities between the Summertime Saga and The Awakening. A young man without a memory of his past life assumes the role of the player. A mafia debt must be settled, and a mystery related to his father must be solved. His quest also involves interacting with some very pretty ladies. Graphics are acceptable, and female characters resemble Barbie dolls.


Woodchester


Life In Woodchester is a visual novel that is similar to Summertime Saga. Fans of Summertime Saga will enjoy Nekojishi as well. A young man named Liao learns how to see spirits and must choose from three companions to go on his adventures. Download the game for free on Windows, Linux, and Mac.


A New Family


There is a great combination of strategy and fun in this game. There is no minimum number of players you need to play, but one or two people can play it at a time. Highly recommended for children ages seven and up. There are, however, some sellers who deliver poor-quality games. It is a good idea to take a break from the rigors of modern life by playing some classic board games. The problem is exacerbated when you take into account how boring or easy most current family games are. There are, however, a few contemporary family favorites that are sure to captivate the entire family. This list also contains fast-paced card games and fantasy co-op board games that are great for building family relationships.


Taffy Tales


A game like Taffy Tales will probably be of interest to those who enjoy visual novels and dating simulations. There is a small town named Taffy where the game takes place. A mysterious past and present await you, as well as hundreds of missions to complete. In this game, you play a young man with a split personality, and you are tasked with discovering the secrets of this town and solving the mysteries lurking within. Featuring an incredibly detailed graphic novel, this adventure game is visually stunning. As the main character tries to regain his memory after a coma, the story takes place in a coma. It’s not going to be easy for him to discover his true identity, so he decides to embark on a journey.


FAQ About Summertime Saga


You can find complete information about some of the frequently asked questions related to games like Summertime Saga below.


Why is Summertime Saga not on the Play Store?


It is not possible to play the game on iOS due to limitations imposed by the publisher. You can also download Summertime Saga for Android, so let’s find out how. In order to play the game, a mobile device must be running Android Gingerbread 2.3 or higher.


What do you think of Summertime Saga?


A unique Android game full of engaging and dynamic storylines, hand-crafted characters, and high-quality graphics, Summertime Saga is built from the ground up to offer players a fun and engaging experience.


What type of game is summertime?


The main character of Summertime Saga juggles school, economics, finding a date, and trying to find out what happened to his father during his quest to find the truth. The content of this game contains explicit sexual activities.


Is the summertime saga on iOS?


All of the features of Summertime Saga have been unlocked in the latest update for iOS. A game in which everything is nothing is a game in which everything is nothing. The number of coins you can introduce is unlimited, and you can choose from a variety of highlights. A total of 30 different locations can be explored in Summertime Saga iPhone.


15 Best Games Like Summertime Saga to Play on Mobile (18+ Only)


Popular dating simulator game Summertime Saga isn’t available on the App Store and Google Play Store. That’s why many gamers who want to play it on mobile have to look for alternatives. If you’re in the same boat as them, you’ve come to the right place! In this list, we showcase the 15 best games like Summertime Saga you can experience on mobile.


The games we listed below are adult-oriented and should therefore only be played by users aged 18 and above.


Inside This Article



  
Top 15 Games Like Summertime Saga

  
Episode – Choose Your Story

  
Choices: Stories You Play

  
Maybe: Interactive Stories

  
Lovestruck: Choose Your Romance

  
Romance Club – Stories I Play

  
Love Story Romance Games

  
Spotlight: Choose Your Romance

  
Love Island: The Game

  
Texting Love Story: ChatLinx

  
My Candy Love

  
Moe! Ninja Girls RPG

  
Moments: Choose Your Story

  
Passion Puzzle

  
The Arcana: A Mystic Romance

  
Scripts: Romance Chapters




Top 15 Games Like Summertime Saga


All of the games like Summertime Saga we included in our list are free to download and use. However, some offer in-app purchases for unlocking dialogue and outfits or getting more coins.


1. Episode – Choose Your Story


First on our list of the best games like Summertime Saga is Episode, a mobile game that features interactive stories. The game lets you design your avatar and choose a story in which you’ll play the main character. As such, you have control over what happens in your story — where you go, how you interact with other characters, and most importantly, who you befriend and form romantic relationships or rivalries with. Episode has more than 150,000 exciting stories to choose from. Plus, chapters are added to these stories weekly, so there’s always something new to explore.


Similar to most games like Summertime Saga, love and romance are the main themes of Episode. However, those aren’t the only genres of stories you’ll find in this game. Some revolve around mystery, drama, and fantasy, among many others. You can also replay the stories as many times as you want. That way, you can discover all the possible endings of each one.


If you’re looking to dip your toes into creative writing, Episode has got you covered, too! The game lets you write your own interactive stories and publish those on its platform. With its huge player base, you’ll amass thousands of readers in no time.


2. Choices: Stories You Play


Choices is also among the must-try games like Summertime Saga. This game offers hundreds of thousands of stories that you can immerse yourself in. In it, you get to design your character. It’s your choice if you want to make your protagonist look and dress like you or someone totally different and made up. The game has a wide range of story genres to choose from. There’s romance, mystery, fantasy, drama, and even horror. In those stories, you get to fall in love with your dream guy or girl while solving crimes, fighting off monsters, or going on epic adventures.


You get to choose whether the stories will be romantic or steamy at the very beginning of the game. As you finish every chapter, you’ll earn diamonds, and you can use those to unlock outfits, hairstyles, dialogues, and storylines. Just like Episode, Choices updates weekly, which means you get to explore more stories and chapters.


3. Maybe: Interactive Stories


Maybe: Interactive Stories is another great option if you’re looking for games like Summertime Saga. The game’s developers have collaborated with some of the best webtoon artists and authors to bring you this dating simulator app. Thus, you can expect only the most exciting and gripping interactive stories from this game.


This game supports customization for your main character in the stories you explore. In those stories, you have complete control over every turn of the plot, your response in conversations, and, of course, the love interest (or interests) you pursue. The game has dozens of genres you can choose from; there’s sweet and steamy romance, fantasy, young adult, drama, LGBT+ love stories, and so much more, so there’s definitely something for everybody.


On top of that, this game also adds new chapters and stories every week. Plus, if you don’t like how a story ended, you’re free to rewrite it however you like. Simply start the story from the very beginning and make the choices that you think will lead you to your perfect ending.


4. Lovestruck: Choose Your Romance


If you’re looking for games like Summertime Saga that are gender-inclusive, then you’ll definitely love Lovestruck: Choose Your Romance. The game lets you form romantic relationships (and even love triangles) with men, women, and nonbinary characters.


There are more than 80 characters in the game for you to start romances with, and each of them has their unique set of traits, habits, turn-ons, and turn-offs. Thus, making each one of them fall in love with you can be tricky since not all of them think the same — and some can even be quite unpredictable. You’ll have to study what makes each character tick, which adds to the fun of the game.


Besides exciting and unpredictable potential romantic partners, this game also features a multitude of stories for you to drown yourself in. Lovestruck features stories from every genre imaginable. There are stories involving hitmen, sirens, werewolves, gangsters, Greeks gods and goddesses, and even spacefaring heroes. Whichever you choose, you hold the key to how the story unfolds and who you end up with.


5. Romance Club – Stories I Play


Romance Club takes on the classic format of dating simulators and visual novel games. Upon starting it, you can customize and dress up your character. Then, you pick a story that you want to explore first. Romance Club has hundreds of them that you can choose from. There’s a great deal of variety in these stories, and the graphics are highly impressive, making it one of the best games like Summertime Saga you should check out.


The game offers a wide range of themes for you to explore. Some stories involve vampires, geishas, college athletes, demons, princes from faraway galaxies, and so much more. In all of them, your character gets to fall in love with anyone that you fancy. However, it’s not just romantic relationships that you’ll get to form in this game. You can also create drama, form rivalries, and make any choice that would make the story more fun for you.


The game receives regular updates, so there are always more stories and chapters to explore.


6. Love Story ® Romance Games


Love Story ® Romance Games is your best bet if you’re looking for games like Summertime Saga that tackle taboo romances. This game knows no bounds when it comes to steamy love stories, and you play the main character in all of them. Plus, you can replay each story as many times as you want without encountering the same turn of events.


Moreover, this game has interactive stories from across all genres. You can ease yourself in with retellings of various classics, like Pride and Prejudice and Jane Eyre. Or, if you want, you can jump into the more action-packed stories right away. Those involve more contemporary characters, like college athletes, billionaires, CEOs, members of the mafia, boyfriends for hire, and many others. Plus, you won’t need to worry about running out of stories and chapters to seek your teeth into, as new ones are added daily.


7. Spotlight: Choose Your Romance


Spotlight: Choose Your Romance is the perfect game if you want to live out the romances from popular movies and books. This Summertime Saga alternative features love stories from Hollywood classics, Netflix romcoms, and New York Times bestselling novels. Its latest featured story is an adaptation of the Netflix hit “To All the Boys I’ve Loved Before.” In it, you play the principal character, Lara Jean, and get to meet and interact with all the other characters. However, you decide how your love story plays out. Will you still pursue a romance with Peter Kavinsky or deviate from the original plot and seek out someone else?


Besides adaptations of popular books and movies, Spotlight also has its original stories. The game lets you choose from a wide range of genres, including horror, mystery, fantasy, young adult, and many more. Each story features over 60 chapters. Plus, there are multiple endings to each story, so you’ll never get bored of playing the same ones again. If you want something steamier, Spotlight has several guilty pleasure stories that you can immerse yourself in.


8. Love Island: The Game


If you’re a fan of the reality TV show Love Island, then you should definitely check out its mobile game adaptation. In Love Island: The Game, you get to play as one of the girls trying to find love and be at the very heart of the hit reality series. The game follows pretty much the same format as the show. You play it by episode and your goal, as the season progresses, is to find your perfect match.


You have to be strategic with whoever you choose to couple up with. Every character in the villa is a potential partner, but each one of them has a distinct personality. So, if you find someone who takes your fancy, you’ll have to make the right choices to end up with them. Then, at the end of every episode, everyone gets to vote who the strongest couple is.


As with other games like Summertime Saga, you take control of everything that unfolds in Love Island: The Game — how you look, who you end up with, and how you end up with them. Plus, if you didn’t like how a story ended, you can always go back and make unconventional choices to alter the ending.


9. Texting Love Story: ChatLinx


Fans of otome games will surely adore Texting Love Story: ChatLinx. It has everything you need in a dating simulation game: a customizable avatar, well-written romantic stories, and unpredictable storylines. In this text-based romantic adventure, you play a student who’s just trying to make it through high school.


But then, something strange happens. One of your friends mysteriously disappears. As you try to unravel the truth behind the disappearance, you get to meet several characters who are about to make your high school experience a lot more interesting. You decide whether you want to befriend those characters, flirt with them, or turn them into your enemies.


Every choice you make in the chapters is crucial and significantly changes the course of the story. If you don’t like the ending you reached, you can simply go back and go through it again with different choices. You’ll be surprised by how many plot twists you’ll still encounter even after a few retries.


The game is free; however, it also offers in-app purchases if you want to unlock premium choices.


10. My Candy Love


My Candy Love is another good Summertime Saga alternative if you’re looking for an episode-based dating simulation. This game merges three otome games and lets you choose between three-story settings: Sweet Amoris High School, Anteros Academy University, or (if you want a love story that revolves around careers) Love Life. As of writing, there are more than 60 episodes that you can play in total. Plus, new ones are added every month, so there’s always new material for you to explore.


In this game, you get to customize your avatar, purchase outfits using in-game gems, collect photos of your crush, join events, and live out your best life with your love interest. However, getting your crush to notice and like you won’t be a breeze in this game. To do so, you’ll need to fill their Love-o-Meter, which is an indicator of how attracted they are to you. Get to know their personality as well as likes and dislikes to fill that meter up and be with the man or woman of your dreams.


11. Moe! Ninja Girls RPG


Looking for games like Summertime Saga that are drawn in anime style? Check out Moe! Ninja Girls RPG. The game is set in a shinobi (or ninja) school where you play as one of the students. The game involves 15 other ninja students, all of whom you’re free to romance and couple up with.


Unlike many of the games like Summertime Saga on this list, Moe! Ninja Girls RPG doesn’t offer a multitude of fragmented visual novels. In this game, there’s only one interactive story for you to dive into. That said, it does currently have 600 chapters, and more are being added every week, so you’ll never run out of storylines to explore. Similar to other dating simulation games, you get to manipulate where the plot goes and who you end up with in this game.


That said, it’s not just all love and romance in Moe! Ninja Girls RPG. You can also put your ninja skills to the test in various challenges. Plus, there are in-game events where you can win gems that you can use to unlock responses and storylines.


12. Moments: Choose Your Story


Moments: Choose Your Story has hundreds of romantic stories for you to sink your teeth into. Some involve drama, horror, mystery, crime, and a whole lot of other genres. To begin, you’ll need to choose the character you want to play first. You can dress your protagonist up however you want, but note that since it’s still the beginning of the game, you won’t have as many outfit choices yet. As you progress and unlock more stories, you get to earn coins and re-customize your character with outfits you bought with those coins. You’ll also get to attend different events where you can dress up and show off your outfits.


As you go through each story, you will get to meet other characters and decide what sort of relationship you’ll form with them. You can become friends with them, be their lover, or form rivalries with them to add a bit of drama and intrigue to the story. Among the many things that make this game one of the best games like Summertime Saga is that it offers a multitude of possible endings. That means it’s very unlikely that you’ll reach the same ending twice. Consequently, you’ll always encounter something exciting even if you repeat a story.


13. Passion Puzzle


Most games like Summertime Saga follow the typical formula of dating simulators where you simply tap on a response or an action and see where that choice leads you. If you’re looking for something that deviates from that format, consider downloading Passion Puzzle. This game adds a puzzle-solving element into the mix. From time to time, you’ll need to solve match-three puzzles to earn gems, which you can use to buy more outfits and change up your look.


That said, the heart of the game is still its interactive story aspect. However, similar to Moe! Ninja Girls RPG, the game follows one entire story; you don’t have hundreds of different stories to choose from. In it, you play a tourist who has just arrived in a coastal city. You will then meet five different girls who each have their unique personalities. Get to know each one of them and decide who you’ll flirt with, win over, and spend the summer with.


14. The Arcana: A Mystic Romance


If you’re looking for games like Summertime Saga that’s crafted with care by an all-female team of developers, then this next entry is for you. The Arcana: A Mystic Romance is the ultimate gender-inclusive dating simulator/visual novel that you’ll ever come across. It’s LGBTQ+ friendly and has amazing graphics and well-written stories, making it one of the best games like Summertime Saga. Other than designing your character, the game also lets you choose your preferred pronouns.


The game is one whole story that’s set in the mystical world of Vesuvia and is divided into several chapters. In it, you get to play a young tarot card reader who has woken up in a magic shop with no recollection of how you got there. You will then meet a mysterious character who asks you to help them solve the mystery of their partner’s murder.


As you unravel the truth, you’ll encounter various sultry love interests that can either help you or distract you from your investigation. There are six of them in total and each of them is hiding a wealth of secrets that you’ll need to uncover with the choices you make throughout the game.


15. Scripts: Romance Chapters


Scripts: Romance Chapters is another great option if you’re into games like Summertime Saga that are gender-inclusive. The game lets you create romantic relationships with whoever you want without distinction as to gender, sexual orientation, or ethnicity. Other than characters, the game has tons of LGBTQ+ stories for you to explore as well.


However, if LGBTQ+ stories are not really up to your alley, you can always pursue love interests of the opposite sex. Scripts: Romance Chapters has various story genres that you can immerse yourself in, including horror, adventure, mystery, fantasy, and crime. So, if you’re tired of vanilla dating simulators, you should start this game now.


Not only does this game let you enjoy interactive stories as a reader and player; you can also craft your own romantic stories and have them featured on the platform. In addition, the game adds new stories and chapters every day, so you can always look forward to new content.


Try Games Like Summertime Saga on Mobile Now


App stores are brimming with games like Summertime Saga, but not all of them feature the same thrilling and steamy gameplay as the popular dating simulator. Luckily for you, we’ve compiled only the best ones in this list, and they’re all free to download and play. We hope our guide helped you find your next favorite dating sim. Happy gaming (and keep your phone away from minors as you do)!
