Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9845455



Going Balls


Going Balls is a fun game of skill where you put your reflexes to the test in truly crazy levels. Your mission on this adventure is to take the ball from the start to the end while avoiding obstacles that you find on the way. Sounds easy, right? See how far you can go.


The Going Balls mechanic is very simple: all you have to do is swipe your finger across the screen to make the ball move. As simple as it sounds, you have to be careful with the obstacles and dangers that befall you along the way, from insurmountable leaps into the void to heavy boxes that break your rhythm.


Keeping the ball under control is essential to get through each level. If you quickly swipe forward you will increase the ball's speed and if you slide backwards it will start to slow down; each gesture needs to be measured to not crash or fall before crossing the finish line in the quickest time possible. On the way you need to pick up coins and keys that let you change skins and unlock chests.


Going Balls will hook you in as levels get harder each time in all kinds of fun surroundings. Enjoy hundreds of levels where anything can happen and swipe your finger as fast as you can to get as far as you can in this adventure. Can you avoid all the obstacles?


Requirements (Latest version)


More information


Play Going Balls on PC


Going Balls is a casual game developed by Supersonic Studios LTD. BlueStacks app player is the best platform gaming platform to play these casual/hyper-casual android games on your PC or Mac for an immersive gaming experience.


Play Going Balls on PC and enjoy this offline casual action game from the large and gorgeous display on your PC! Can you control your ball to avoid all unexpected obstacles that lie ahead? Keep your ball going – don’t let it fall and don’t let it stop moving!


BlueStacks is introducing Airplane Mode for uninterrupted play. You can now play Going Balls by turning on Airplane Mode (the airplane icon can be spotted on the right side toolbar), hyper-casual and casual gamers won’t see any in-game ads. This translates to a non-stop gaming experience.


In the Going Balls PC game, you must control your ball as it rolls down different paths staged on insanely dizzying heights and cool atmospheres! Do your best to get to the finished line and complete all levels!


This challenging rolling ball platformer unveils a new level of thrills for lovers of fun rides! Get a funny collection of balls to play with and meet more inventive and outright treacherous tasks at every turn!


Download Going Balls on PC today and keep your ball going until it gets to the finished line while playing in airplane mode.


Install BlueStacks app player and play Going Balls Casual game ad-free on PC with Airplane mode. Step on the accelerator and race to the finish line.


Game Features


Enhancements


Macros


Automate the predictable in Going Balls and transform your gameplay with Macros. Get access to inventive Macros in the BlueStacks Macro Community


Multi Instance


Play Going Balls on one window. And chat with your friend on the other. Press CTRL + Shift + 8 to open the Multi-Instance Manager. And start creating fresh instances or clone an existing one.


Script


Script your way to gaming glory in Going Balls with BlueStacks Script. Write and run a set of commands to automate repeated tasks. Trigger the command by assigning it to any key.


Repeated Tap


BlueStacks lets you master Going Balls with useful features like the Repeated Tap. Now you do not have to press the same key repeatedly to initiate an action. Just assign it to one key and you are good to go.


Macros


Automate the predictable in Going Balls and transform your gameplay with Macros. Get access to inventive Macros in the BlueStacks Macro Community


Multi Instance


Play Going Balls on one window. And chat with your friend on the other. Press CTRL + Shift + 8 to open the Multi-Instance Manager. And start creating fresh instances or clone an existing one.


Script


Script your way to gaming glory in Going Balls with BlueStacks Script. Write and run a set of commands to automate repeated tasks. Trigger the command by assigning it to any key.


Repeated Tap


BlueStacks lets you master Going Balls with useful features like the Repeated Tap. Now you do not have to press the same key repeatedly to initiate an action. Just assign it to one key and you are good to go.


Multi Instance Sync


Eco Mode


Real-Time Translation


High FPS


How to Download and Play Going Balls on PC



  
Download and install BlueStacks on your PC

  
Complete Google sign-in to access the Play Store, or do it later

  
Look for Going Balls in the search bar at the top right corner

  
Click to install Going Balls from the search results

  
Complete Google sign-in (if you skipped step 2) to install Going Balls

  
Click the Going Balls icon on the home screen to start playing




Enjoy uninterrupted fun and action on BlueStacks 5 – the safest gaming platform built for privacy! This Android emulator brings you the best mobile gaming platform for the best experience while playing mobile games on PC!


Enjoy all your favorite mobile games With Airplane Mode and play any desired title on PC or MAC on the fastest and lightest emulator ever – BlueStacks 5! You don’t need a gaming laptop to enjoy your favorite games! Why? Because BlueStacks 5 consumes significantly less CPU space and maintains a stable FPS even over long gaming sessions!


Keep your ball going and avoid all obstacles in this offline action game! Download Going Balls with BlueStacks and have fun! You can run different mobile games on BlueStacks alongside other apps and create multiple instances without consuming excess resources! Gaming with BlueStacks Airplane Mode is made for a smoother user experience and uninterrupted play.


Now you can switch between work and play with so much ease – efficient multitasking!


With at least 4GB of RAM slammed into a PC running on Windows 7 and above with an Intel or AMD processor, you can enjoy your games at unprecedented speeds! Download BlueStacks 5 today – it’s free!


Create blooper reels, highlights, tutorials, and lovely memories by recording details of your best moves and moments with BlueStacks! All it takes is the click of a button, and you will automatically get the HD copy on your hard disc. You can share this with your friends and family and jumpstart your career as a content creator!


BlueStacks offers you a high-level precision gaming technology that enables you to enjoy swift and accurate responses when using your keyboard, mouse, or gamepad. So yes – it’s time to ditch clumsy controls! Instead, enjoy in-game controls and create custom control configurations that are easy for anyone to master.


Enjoy efficient multitasking when you use BlueStacks! Use the efficient synchronization of inputs to your advantage by running multiple instances! You can also manage several accounts simultaneously for 32- and 64-bit apps with BlueStacks! Roll! Roll!! Roll.


Minimum System Requirements


With BlueStacks 5, you can get started on a PC that fulfills the following requirements.
