Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=4733937



Discord Templates


Create eye-catching Discord server icons, profile banners, and more with free templates.


Discord Templates to Empower Individuality


Designing a unique visual identity for Discord just got easier. From animated server icons to Discord banner templates, this growing collection empowers users to make eye-catching content. All it takes is a few clicks for creators to remix Kapwing’s free Discord templates. Expressing individuality has never been this easy. With intuitive templates perfectly sized for each feature, users can focus on expressing their unique flair. Gamers, artists, Discord members, and more can customize templates with images, text, and GIFs to reflect their interests. Unlock your creative vision and design an identity you can proudly display today with a free template!


How to Use a Discord Template



  
Choose a template Browse the collection of professionally designed Discord templates and click a design to customize. With the Kapwing Studio, you have access to free and intuitive graphic design tools to transform the template. No previous design experience is required!

  
Customize your template With premade templates, endless customization possibilities are within reach. Add text with stylish fonts, colors, and effects to create eye-catching server and channel names, upload custom backgrounds, or browse images within the Studio to remix banners. You can add animations to server icons and profile pictures for compelling images members won’t scroll past.

  
Share to Discord When you’re happy with the results, hit the export button and download the project. Upload the image or GIF to Discord to debut your creation across communities. With a free Kapwing account, you can store content for up to two days to make additional edits.




Generate and customizable captions that automatically sync to your video. Use our AI-powered tool to create a transcript of your video, and then customize your auto-synced subtitles to make them perfect for your content creation needs. Resize, swap out fonts, or add in professional animations and transitions - all your edits will instantly be applied to the entire video.


Smart Cut automates your video editing process by detecting and removing silences from your video in a matter of seconds. You'll be saving hours of editing time and completing your rough cut faster than ever for talking head videos, recorded presentations, tutorials, vlogs, and more. Editing has never been so seamless.


Repurpose videos faster and make them look more professional with our Resize Canvas feature! In just a few clicks, you can take a single video and adjust it to be the right size for every other platform, whether it's for TikTok, YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Linkedin, or somewhere else.


With Kapwing's smart background removal tool, you can isolate people from the background of a video for free, without a green screen. All it takes is a few clicks. Upload your content, select the Remove Background tool, and use the preview to choose the threshold that best works for you.


Enhance your project’s audio in seconds with Kapwing. In one click, Clean Audio automatically removes background noise, corrects loudness, and helps reduce popping sounds in your audio and videos. To use it, simply upload a video or audio file, then select Clean Audio on the right side.


Work with your team directly in Kapwing. Create and edit content, then send it to share and collaborate with your teammates. Make team workspaces, comment in the editor, and work on videos together in real time or asynchronously.


Edit the length of your video clip by dragging the timeline handles or by using the Split tool. It’s never been easier to cut out silences, rearrange clips, or adjust the length of your audio to fit your video.


Kapwing's customizable waveforms let you bring your audio or podcast content to life. Our Waveform tool creates an automatically-generated, animated graph showing the frequency and amplitude of your audio over time. Choose between a classic waveform style and a stacked “bars” style to bring your own touch to your project.


Make your content pop with image overlays, emojis, progress bars, and audio waveforms. Then simply resize and position them to customize your project. With unlimited overlays, the possibilities are endless.


Browse hundreds of royalty-free images, GIFs, videos, sound effects, and music clips directly in our editor. Curate assets that will bring your project to life, then edit them the way you want to all in one place.


Get inspired by hundreds of trendy video templates made to unleash your creativity. Select the template that best suits your project, and then make it your own with custom videos, images, or text. Making professionally designed videos or memes has never been faster.


 Masakob-diner 


Home Uncategories Good Anime Pfp For Discord Boy : 64 Best Discord pfp's images in 2019 | Aesthetic anime . / See more ideas about anime boy, anime guys, anime.


Good Anime Pfp For Discord Boy : 64 Best Discord pfp's images in 2019 | Aesthetic anime . / See more ideas about anime boy, anime guys, anime.


Good Anime Pfp For Discord Boy : 64 Best Discord pfp's images in 2019 | Aesthetic anime . / See more ideas about anime boy, anime guys, anime.. I don't normally make tutorials often, but i thought this was pretty cool. Also if u want to add me on discord it's man909#6084. Nơi đăng ảnh anime : Anime theme pack for bandaged better discord. A community that makes it easy for neighborhoods to discover their local talents, as well as a better way to connect artists with fans across the globe.


Here are a few examples from the kapwing discord server Discord and slack emoji list, browse through thousands of custom emoji for your slack channel or discord server! You can use an image (jpg or png) or a gif for your pfp, and it should represent your lots of people will use an illustration, icon, anime, or cartoon character instead of using a photo. Lookup your favourite anime/manga series or view the top 10 trending ones including a random command. If you didn't understand something in the video, comment down below!


Pin oleh Dea Claa di discord pfps teehee di 2020 from i.pinimg.com Good ol' anime aesthetic for your aesthetic self ʕ •ᴥ•ʔ. ●avatars for discord● запись закреплена. Discover a list of the best anime discord servers. Highest rated) finding avatars anime: Welcome to free read the best romance stories on #flyinglines. This means that your discord pfp should be just right. We hope you enjoy our growing collection of hd images to use as a. What kind of profile pictures do you guys have we have:


Mewbot is a pokemon discord bot, pokemon is an entirely popular anime series, game and a huge anime franchise.


A community that makes it easy for neighborhoods to discover their local talents, as well as a better way to connect artists with fans across the globe. How to get an animated profile picture on discord without nitro get gif pic without discord nitro hey everyone what s going on. Discord is a voice, video and text communication service to talk and hang out with your friends and communities. Boy shintaro kisaragi anime male bnha psycho gaming google kagerou funny project genesis reader help. Discord aesthetics anime boy pfp. We hope you enjoy our growing collection of hd images to use as a. You can use an image (jpg or png) or a gif for your pfp, and it should represent your lots of people will use an illustration, icon, anime, or cartoon character instead of using a photo. This means that your discord pfp should be just right. | see more about anime, manga and anime girl. Discord and slack emoji list, browse through thousands of custom emoji for your slack channel or discord server! Hangout a fun server to make new friends with everyone! Jul 23 2020 explore kikacat s board. ●avatars for discord● запись закреплена.


A community that makes it easy for neighborhoods to discover their local talents, as well as a better way to connect artists with fans across the globe. Neon gifs — #gneon neon photos — #pneon. Jul 23 2020 explore kikacat s board. | see more about anime, manga and anime girl. Find anime discord servers which are tagged with anime and manga.


Fighting gold but Coda keeps getting interrupted on . from i.ytimg.com Also if u want to add me on discord it's man909#6084. • last updated 3 days ago. Hundreds of thinking emojis, animated emojis, and more! See more ideas about anime girl, anime, anime art. Jul 23 2020 explore kikacat s board. Find and join some awesome servers listed here! Every time i start discord ptb i hear anime voice saying discord or discordo when it fully loads. Contents 7 good discord names 8 how to set your discord name if you think of setting up your discord account, you will have to enter the username.


We hope you enjoy our growing collection of hd images to use as a.


Chat with 29200+ awesome weebs: Discord aesthetics anime boy pfp. Explore and share the best discord pfp gifs and most popular animated gifs here on giphy. Check out this fantastic collection of anime boy wallpapers, with 54 anime boy background images for your desktop, phone or tablet. | see more about anime, manga and anime girl. A fun discord bot that lets you display infos about all of your favorite jojo characters. Nơi đăng ảnh anime : Find streamable servers and watch the anime you love, subbed or dubbed in hd. Should i post the full pics on amino so u can screenshot or download (idk if u can). The best pokémon battle experience you can get on discord! Mewbot is a pokemon discord bot, pokemon is an entirely popular anime series, game and a huge anime franchise. Also if u want to add me on discord it's man909#6084. Discord and slack emoji list, browse through thousands of custom emoji for your slack channel or discord server!


Mewbot is a pokemon discord bot, pokemon is an entirely popular anime series, game and a huge anime franchise. What kind of profile pictures do you guys have we have: Should i post the full pics on amino so u can screenshot or download (idk if u can). If you are looking to report a discord chat emergency or internal discord app terms of service violation. Discord anime pfp gif boy.


Anime Pfp Boy Discord | Anime Wallpaper 4K - Tokyo Ghoul from lh3.googleusercontent.com A collection of the top 54 anime boy wallpapers and backgrounds available for download for free. Contents 7 good discord names 8 how to set your discord name if you think of setting up your discord account, you will have to enter the username. If you didn't understand something in the video, comment down below! Anime theme pack for bandaged better discord. Hangout a fun server to make new friends with everyone! Aug 19 2020 explore lost alone s board anime pfp followed by 120 people on pinterest. A fun discord bot that lets you display infos about all of your favorite jojo characters. Here are a few examples from the kapwing discord server


Ask questions and share memes:


Anime girl, anime boy, phong cảnh, đôi khi là mấy thứ fanart anime linh tinh. See more ideas about anime girl, anime, anime art. Find and join some awesome servers listed here! Should i post the full pics on amino so u can screenshot or download (idk if u can). Discord and slack emoji list, browse through thousands of custom emoji for your slack channel or discord server! Hundreds of thinking emojis, animated emojis, and more! Ask questions and share memes: Hangout a fun server to make new friends with everyone! Anime cartoons lgbtq related pfps matching pfp for groups of friends and even matching icon of pets! If you didn't understand something in the video, comment down below! Anime theme pack for bandaged better discord. Lookup your favourite anime/manga series or view the top 10 trending ones including a random command. A community that makes it easy for neighborhoods to discover their local talents, as well as a better way to connect artists with fans across the globe.



Welcome to free read the best romance stories on #flyinglines good anime discord pfp. See more ideas about anime girl, anime, anime art.



A collection of the top 54 anime boy wallpapers and backgrounds available for download for free. Anime theme pack for bandaged better discord. Here are a few examples from the kapwing discord server Anime girl, anime boy, phong cảnh, đôi khi là mấy thứ fanart anime linh tinh. Jul 23 2020 explore kikacat s board.


The best pokémon battle experience you can get on discord! Neon gifs — #gneon neon photos — #pneon. Find streamable servers and watch the anime you love, subbed or dubbed in hd. Hangout a fun server to make new friends with everyone! Discord is a voice, video and text communication service to talk and hang out with your friends and communities.


Lookup your favourite anime/manga series or view the top 10 trending ones including a random command. Multi purpose bot with activity based fishing economy + virtual gambling, anime & reddit alerts, emotes/interations. You can use an image (jpg or png) or a gif for your pfp, and it should represent your lots of people will use an illustration, icon, anime, or cartoon character instead of using a photo. ●avatars for discord● запись закреплена. Set your favourite waifu on your profile or link an osu/mal account for.


Anime girl, anime boy, phong cảnh, đôi khi là mấy thứ fanart anime linh tinh. Lookup your favourite anime/manga series or view the top 10 trending ones including a random command. Contents 7 good discord names 8 how to set your discord name if you think of setting up your discord account, you will have to enter the username. Every time i start discord ptb i hear anime voice saying discord or discordo when it fully loads. ●avatars for discord● запись закреплена.


Here are a few examples from the kapwing discord server • last updated 3 days ago. Aug 19 2020 explore lost alone s board anime pfp followed by 120 people on pinterest. Find streamable servers and watch the anime you love, subbed or dubbed in hd. Nơi đăng ảnh anime :


See more ideas about anime boy, anime guys, anime. ●avatars for discord● запись закреплена. See more ideas about anime, anime icons, anime art. A collection of the top 54 anime boy wallpapers and backgrounds available for download for free. A community that makes it easy for neighborhoods to discover their local talents, as well as a better way to connect artists with fans across the globe.


Jul 23 2020 explore kikacat s board. See more ideas about anime 28.08.2019 · anime images anime boy discord pfp jojo gifs tenor discord gifs get the best gif on giphy cute anime pfp gif discord pfp gif or. What kind of profile pictures do you guys have we have: I don't normally make tutorials often, but i thought this was pretty cool. See more ideas about anime, anime icons, anime art.


Anime gifs — #ganime anime photis — #panime. Ask questions and share memes: A community that makes it easy for neighborhoods to discover their local talents, as well as a better way to connect artists with fans across the globe. Neon gifs — #gneon neon photos — #pneon. See more ideas about anime girl, anime, anime art.


Anime girl, anime boy, phong cảnh, đôi khi là mấy thứ fanart anime linh tinh. This means that your discord pfp should be just right. See more ideas about anime 28.08.2019 · anime images anime boy discord pfp jojo gifs tenor discord gifs get the best gif on giphy cute anime pfp gif discord pfp gif or. Also if u want to add me on discord it's man909#6084. How to get an animated profile picture on discord without nitro get gif pic without discord nitro hey everyone what s going on.


| see more about anime, manga and anime girl.


Discord avatars download the best animated avatars cool profile pictures cute pfp and funny icons.


Aug 19 2020 explore lost alone s board anime pfp followed by 120 people on pinterest.


Highest rated) finding avatars anime:


Multi purpose bot with activity based fishing economy + virtual gambling, anime & reddit alerts, emotes/interations.


Discord avatars download the best animated avatars cool profile pictures cute pfp and funny icons.


Aug 19 2020 explore lost alone s board anime pfp followed by 120 people on pinterest.


Also if u want to add me on discord it's man909#6084.


I don't normally make tutorials often, but i thought this was pretty cool.


Neon gifs — #gneon neon photos — #pneon.


Neon gifs — #gneon neon photos — #pneon.


See more ideas about anime, anime icons, anime art.


This means that your discord pfp should be just right.


Jul 23 2020 explore kikacat s board.


Find anime discord servers which are tagged with anime and manga.


Anime theme pack for bandaged better discord.


Set your favourite waifu on your profile or link an osu/mal account for.


Welcome to free read the best romance stories on #flyinglines.


Anime gifs — #ganime anime photis — #panime.


Welcome to free read the best romance stories on #flyinglines.


Neon gifs — #gneon neon photos — #pneon.


A community that makes it easy for neighborhoods to discover their local talents, as well as a better way to connect artists with fans across the globe.


If you are looking to report a discord chat emergency or internal discord app terms of service violation.


Find anime discord servers which are tagged with anime and manga.


| see more about anime, manga and anime girl.


20 BEST Discord Bots: Top Picks (2022)


You can greatly improve your Discord experience by simply adding some bots; this is why we have compiled a list of the very best.


A lot of people use Discord daily to communicate and keep track of their friends and communities. However, Discord’s functionality can be improved by adding different Discord bots to your server.


These bots can help you manage large servers, play music, host giveaways, organize games, and even notify you of certain events. They are very beneficial and truly take your Discord experience to a whole new level.


They are also effortless to add and configure, making them super worth it. But there are thousands of Discord bots to choose from. That’s why we’re here to help you find the best ones!


30 BEST Discord Bots


We chose 30 different Discord bots that we think can help improve your Discord server. Each bot has its own unique function and adds different fun and helpful Discord commands to your server.


MEE6


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $49.99 per year or $89.90 one-time purchase.


Let’s start the list with a solid Discord bot in MEE6. MEE6 is a moderation bot that allows you to welcome new users, manage your server, and create custom commands. You can also set up streaming and social media alerts, distribute roles, and a leveling system for all users on the server.


MEE6 is one of the most trusted and most popular Discord bots, used by over 19 million servers. It also offers a premium paid version that unlocks more of its functionality that allows you to better manage a server. It’s a very flexible and reliable Discord bot with support for some additional plugins for added functionality.


Helper.gg


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $4 per month.


Helper.gg is a simple but useful Discord bot that’s perfect for community servers. The main feature that Helper.gg provides is the ability to create tickets and give support to users within the community.


SomeHelper.gg is a very helpful bot for companies and businesses who manage and run a Discord server. It’s already being used by over 18.1 million users across nearly 27K servers. They offer 3 different plans that you can avail of.


Their Free plan is pretty robust and will be enough for most servers. It includes unlimited tickets, ticket logs, chat reactions, add staff accounts, and allows you to respond through the panel. The Premium plan costs $4 per month and offers 100% customization, embed colors, timed close, and translation features. Finally, the Supreme plan costs 6$ per month and allows you to customize the bot username, icon, application, and playing status. It’s a great plan if you want to have a more unique server.


Dank Memer


Download
Price: Free with premium Patreon subscriptions starting at $2 per month.


This next bot is perfect for Discord servers composed of your friends. The Dank Memer bot allows you to have fun and get a good laugh while using Discord. It also has a Patreon subscription plan if you want to unlock additional features such as NSFW commands, lower cooldowns, and auto-posting memes. The plans are priced at $2 – $45 per month.


The Dank Memer bot provides a unique meme currency that includes achievements, badges, committing crimes, and gambling, among many others. You can also play different games, ask for different images, send memes, and request funny posts or jokes using the bot.


Hydra Bot


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $1.99 per user or $3.99 per server per month.


Hydra Bot is an all-in-one multi-purpose bot that provides your server with tons of different commands and features. It aims to be the only Discord bot that you’ll ever need and includes a robust music player with a feature-rich command list.


You can use Hydra Bot to play high-quality music, search for the lyrics, loop, skip tracks, and shuffle the queue. Additionally, you can subscribe to the premium version of Hydra to unlock different audio effects, unlimited saved playlists, 24/7 playback, and autoplay features.


Hydra also features an extensive web dashboard where you can easily change and customize the bot’s different settings for your server. It’s also available in over 10 languages, so you don’t have to worry about language barriers.


Dyno


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $4.99 per month.


Dyno is another quality and well-made Discord bot. It’s a fully customizable server moderation bot that helps automate your server. With Dyno, you also get a simple web dashboard that allows you to easily monitor and manage your server.


Its features include adding roles, announcements, banning members, and you can even ask for dog or cat pictures. Dyno is an entertaining bot that allows you to easily automate managing your server. It’s trusted and enjoyed by over 7.7 million servers and counting.


ProBot


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $2.5 per month.


ProBot is a highly customizable Discord bot that provides different services and helps you make a professional-looking Discord server. It supports custom and ready-to-use welcome designs, support for over 13 languages, and an autoresponder to specific trigger words.


Additionally, ProBot also has an anti-raid protection system and an auto-moderation system that automatically kicks or bans users based on their actions. You don’t have to worry because ProBot has a 99.99% uptime and is used by over 4.3 million servers, and has access to over 50 commands.


Vexera


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $3 per month.


Now, let’s talk about another amazing Discord music bot. Vexera provides high-quality music while also being an excellent moderation and greeting bot. It’s a multipurpose bot serving over 1.5 million servers with tons of great features that can help build your server.


Vexera is one of the last few remaining bots who can still play audio directly from YouTube. Don’t worry. It also plays audio from other sources, making it less likely to be shut down in the future. It can also automatically assign roles, send cute dog or cat images, send memes, and help manage your server. Vexera is an amazing music bot, but it also has other features if you need them.


Tip.cc


Download
Price: Free


We all know how cryptocurrency and play-to-earn games have taken the world by storm. Crypto has become a common way to accept payments, donations, and investments over the internet. The Tip.cc bot helps Discord support various crypto tools directly on your server.


Tip.cc includes trader’s and miner’s tools for more niche crypto enthusiasts. However, it also features various crypto-powered games to help keep your community engaged. It also allows users to receive crypto payments via easy-to-use standards that even newbies can follow. Tip.cc supports over 500 cryptocurrencies and is definitely the best Discord crypto bot


Arcane


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $5 per month.


Arcane is one of the best leveling and multi-purpose Discord bots around. It can help you increase server activity while keeping it safe and clean. Arcane can prevent spamming, swearing, and even send warnings before banning or kicking different users.


It provides a leveling system complete with leaderboards and rewards. It also allows easy distribution of roles through simply reacting and can send YouTube notifications about recent uploads. Arcane is an overall great and simple bot that keeps members engaged with your server.


Chip


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $5 per month.


Ever since popular music bots like Rythm and Groovy were shut down by YouTube, the Discord community has been looking for other music bot alternatives. Chip is a great addition to any Discord server. It’s a dedicated music-playing bot that provides free and high-quality audio.


Chip allows you to play tracks directly from Spotify. It also comes with some cool integrated buttons you can use to easily control your music. It also comes with additional features such as 8D players, bass boosting, loops, pitch changes, among many others. Chip is also one of the more reliable Discord music bots out there, providing 24/7 uptime.


Pokétwo


Download
Price: Free with in-app purchases starting at $5.


Are you a huge fan of the Pokémon franchise? Well, you can use Pokétwo to bring the fun into your Discord server. The Pokétwo Discord bot allows you to catch, trade, and battle different Pokémon with your friends. The bot also provides time and weather features, making the game more exciting.


Pokétwo is free to play and completely open-source, making it safe and reliable. It randomly spawns different Pokémon into your Discord server, which you can then catch and add to your collection. It’s a fun bot that helps increase user engagement within your servers.


OwO


Download
Price: Free with premium Patreon subscriptions starting at $1 per month.


The OwO Bot may not look like much at first glance. However, once you start to dive deeper, you start to see the diverse world built within a simple Discord bot. OwO allows you to catch wildlife, fight other users, and compete for a leaderboard spot. It’s basically like Pokemon right on your Discord server.


It has a solid foundation complete with an economy, auto hunting, marriage, gems, roles, status effects, and various weapons. It also has a loot box and gambling systems where you can try your luck to increase your money. OwO provides a solid Discord-based game that keeps your community engaged for hours. It’s already on over 3 million servers, so why don’t you give it a try?


Tatsu


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $4.99 per month and in-app purchases starting at $1.


Tatsu is another fun and creative Discord bot. It can help you grow and build your community through interactive games. Additionally, it can also help you welcome and say goodbye to users, kick or ban members, and manage voice notifications.


But, Tatsu’s main feature is the fun interactive leveling mechanics that it brings. Tatsu has its own global economy. You can buy items from the store, trade items with other users, you can also get virtual pets, and build your own house. It also has personalized profile cards, rank cards, wallet cards, and a global leaderboard.


Xenon Bot


Download
Price: Free with premium subscription plans starting at $4.99 per month.


Xenon Bot is the first Discord bot to ever offer server templates. They have a large collection of server templates allowing you to design and create a server according to what you need. Some of their most popular templates include gaming servers, support servers, school servers, roleplay servers, and development servers, among many others.


Even though Xenon Bot is primarily known for its server templates, the bot also provides a ton of additional features. It allows you to backup roles and nicknames, backup messages, and synchronize messages, bans, and roles between different servers. It’s definitely one of the best Discord bots if you’re really dedicated to building a community.


Mudae


Download
Price: Free with premium Patreon subscriptions starting at $5 per month.


Mudae is a top-rated entertainment bot for Discord. It features a variety of minigames like Pokéslot, Waifuarena, Tea Games, MudaQuiz, and Jan-ken-pon. These minigames allow you to collect Pokémon, battle using your owned anime characters, answer questions, and do something as simple as Rock Paper Scissors.


The entertainment bot is primarily known for its amazing character roulette game. It allows you to collect over 89,000 rollable anime, manga, and video game characters from a variety of popular franchises. It’s definitely one of those great bots that can help keep your community engaged in a server.


Astro


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $3.99 per month.


If you’re looking for a bot that allows you to customize your voice channels and take them to the next level, Astro is the one for you. Astro provides new customization features, interfaces, and roles to Discord. It’s simple to set up and automatically creates a basic setup for your Discord channels. Astro focuses on creating the best temporary voice channels and voice role experience possible. Astro allows you to manage and create voice channels when people are on the server and delete them when they leave. Most of the solid features aren’t locked behind a paywall, and you only need to subscribe


BMO


Download
Price: Free


The BMO Discord bot is a cute little bot that was inspired by a character in the famous cartoon show, Adventure Time. BMO is a powerful music bot that plays high-quality audio with some extra features on top.


Aside from playing and controlling your music, BMO can also send images, update you about the coronavirus, send notifications, and can even help moderate your server. It’s a powerful and cute bot to have, although it does reply slowly, so you’ll have to be patient.


Karuta


Download
Price: Free


If you like anime or your Discord server is centered around anime characters, you might want to take a look at Karuta. Karuta is a unique and interactive Discord game that features more than 78,000 different anime characters.


Karuta is a collectible card game that features manual and automatic card drops. Each card features a unique anime character that you can keep or trade with other users. Match your Discord PFP with a Karuta card in your collection to show your dedication to anime.


Toasty


Download
Price: Free with premium Patreon subscriptions starting at $1 per month.


Next up, we have another music and entertainment bot called Toasty. Toasty is a great multi-purpose Discord bot for all of your server needs. It can help moderate your server, can automatically assign roles, send welcome messages, and block advertisements and spam. Toasty can also kick or ban members, record logs, and prune messages, among many others.


Toasty also offers a unique music player function that you can use to listen to high-quality audio from YouTube or SoundCloud. You can also use Toasty to tune into your favorite stream on Twitch.tv, a feature that not many music bots have.


Additionally, you can use Toasty in a fun way by asking it for jokes, advice, roasts, memes, sound effects, and GIFs. It also has some basic utility built into it that you can use to fetch subreddits, search for an urban dictionary result, create polls, and even ask for some news. Toasty is trusted by over 82K servers and is a great Discord bot for small or large servers.


EPIC RPG


Download
Price: Free


From the bot’s name itself, EPIC RPG provides an entertaining RPG game on Discord. It’s a great interactive bot that can help keep your members engaged in the server. EPIC RPG also has its own economy and traditional RPG features like dungeons, gambling, loot boxes, leaderboards, and even PVP.


There are a total of 15 dungeons that you can explore. You can hunt or go on an adventure, duel with other players, fight and explore dungeons, and heal up when you lose HP. You can also buy, sell, or trade using the shop. EPIC RPG also allows you to craft weapons and armor using different recipes.


Additionally, there are also new features such as guilds, cooking, enchanting, time-traveling, and even pets. It’s a fantastic bot that provides you with an excellent RPG experience.


Captcha.bot


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $4.99 per month.


This next bot is relatively boring and simple but is essential, especially for large servers. Captcha.bot allows you to secure your server. It prevents different spam bots and automated raids from joining your server. It keeps your server clean and safe without being intrusive.


Captcha.bot has a straightforward setup process that you only need to configure one time, and then you can forget about it. You can choose from either web or image verification. However, web verification is their more secure option and harder for bots to bypass. You can also create a logs channel to keep track of the different users that enter your server.


It’s a basic but necessary bot that greatly helps keep servers clean. It has no other functions or features aside from providing captcha verification.


PatchBot


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $1.49 per month.


Are you a competitive person who likes to take any advantage you can get? Well, there’s no larger advantage than reading patch notes about the tweaks and changes to your game. PatchBot makes your life much easier by delivering game updates and patch notes directly to your Discord server.


PatchBot is a simple Discord bot that you never knew you needed. It supports over 100 games; you can also request a game if they don’t already support it. The premium version also allows you to subscribe to unlimited games and have the bot automatically mention you every time a patch or update comes out.


IdleRPG


Download
Price: Free


IdleRPG bot is another fun and interactive RPG gaming experience on Discord. It rewards server members for engaging within the server while earning XP and enjoying the game. It’s quite similar to most RPG games and has character progression. Any true RPG fan will definitely love playing IdleRPG.


You can go on an adventure, trade different items, battle other players, and even find lovers. It also has a leaderboard for the top 10 lovers, top 10 PvP players, top 10 richest, and top 10 players by XP. IdleRPG also allows you to gamble in several ways to help increase your money in the game.


GamesROB


Download
Price: Free with premium Patreon subscriptions starting at $5 per month.


GamesROB is a fun Discord bot that can allow you to play games with your friends right within the server itself. It’s the biggest tabletop and party game bot on Discord. It’s used in over 137K servers and features over 6.2 million different commands. Bring the party to Discord using the GamesROB bot.


There’s nothing better than playing and hanging out with your friends. It’s one of the main reasons why Discord became so popular. With GamesROB, you can take that to a whole new level.


GamesROB bot features beloved games like Uno, Hangman, Minesweeper, 2048, Connect Four, TicTacToe, Battleship, Detective, and some quiz or trivia games. You can play for fun, or you can also compete with each other using the leaderboards. The bot also includes a virtual currency system that you can use to place bets on other minigames like slots and other casino games.


Community Hubs


Download
Price: Free


It can be hard to manage a large server with a collection of different personalities and communities, each with its own channels. Luckily, Community Hubs is here to save the day. This bot introduces a new ” hubs ” feature to your Discord server. Members can create Hubs, which can act as an area where they send various photos, videos, and text, among many others.


Hubs can act as a specialized channel where people with the same interests or hobbies within the server can interact with one another without clogging up the main channels. You can also categorize hubs, create templates, and hide and delete them as an admin. The best part? The bot is completely free.


Zira


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $2 per month.


Zira is a great bot addition to any community Discord server. It allows users to automatically set roles for themselves by simply reacting to a message. This makes role management much easier and allows users to pick their preferred or required roles themselves.


Zira supports multiple reaction role messages and channels and can assign any role you want. The bot also supports new user joining and leaving messages, limiting the number of roles a person can get and giving multiple roles using the same reaction. It also allows you to add custom emojis when giving out roles.


Medalbot


Download
Price: Free


MedalBot is a Discord bot based on the popular gaming application Medal. It is a third-party app that allows you to record games, edit clips, and share highlights with friends or in public. It’s lightweight and should affect your game’s performance even when recording.


MedalBot allows you to record clips and share them on your server. It’s made to complement a gaming server and allows users to enjoy and share clips. Overall, it’s a great bot to have if you’re a streamer, content creator, or gamer and like sharing highlights with your friends or community.


EpicFreeGames


Download
Price: Free


Epic Games has been giving away tons of free games over the past two years. It has given away amazing games such as GTA V, Dead By Daylight, and NBA 2K21. It even recently gave away Discord Nitro. Have you ever missed any of these free games? Well, fear no more; the EpicFreeGames bot has got your back.


The EpicFreeGames bot simply sends a message to a channel and reminds everyone about the free game/s that Epic is giving away. It has one simple job, but it can literally give you hundreds of dollars worth of games. Never miss another amazing free game from Epic Games ever again.


AltDentifier


Download
Price: Free with premium subscriptions starting at $4.99 per month.


AltDentifier bot is another great Discord bot that keeps your server clean and safe from spam. It’s easy to set up and only takes a few minutes to get running. It currently has over 35 million users on over 100,000 different servers. It also has some extra moderation commands for an easier management experience.


The AltDentifier bot has an automatic anti-raid system, a powerful verification system, supports multiple languages, and creates a log for reviews. It will also alert you if a user is using a VPN to bypass any restrictions. It does have some ads, but you can easily get rid of them by simply paying €1 per month.


PollBot


Download
Price: Free


Looking to survey the community and host polls on Discord? PollBot has got your back. It’s a simple and easy-to-use bot that allows you to create polls and survey people on any Discord server. Respondents only have to react to PollBot’s message to vote, and you can automatically see the poll counter rise.


PollBot also supports numbered reaction polls that can help you carry out more organized polls. That’s pretty much it. PollBot is as simple as a Discord bot can get. It’s used in over 10K servers and is completely free. So you can’t complain much about its lack of other features.


Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)


What Are the Best Discord Bots?


We’ve listed the 30 best Discord bots that we can find. Each has its own unique thing that makes them great and can suit the different needs of your server. MEE6 is the best Discord moderation bot. On the other hand, Helper.gg is the best Discord ticket bot.


Dank Memer is the best Discord meme bot. Tip.cc is the best crypto-centered Discord bot. Finally, Hydra is the best Discord music bot. There are plenty of amazing Discord bots out there, it all depends on what you’re looking for in a bot.


What Are Some Fun Bots for Discord?


We’ve listed a lot of the best fun bots for Discord above. Dank Memer, BMO Bot, Hydra, and Toasty are great bots to use if you’re looking for jokes, memes, roasts, GIFs, or playing music directly on your server.


You can also use Pokétwo, EPIC RPG, IdleRPG, Mudae, OwO, Tatsu, Karuta, and GamesROB if you’re looking for more entertainment-focused bots. These bots can help you play games, collect and trade characters, level up, and compete on leaderboards.


What Is the Best Discord Moderation Bot?


MEE6 is the best Discord moderation bot. It has a ton of useful features with the free version and a lot more powerful features if you decide to avail of the premium version. It’s definitely the best Discord moderation bot and server management bot out there. MEE6 is trusted by over 19 million servers, after all.


Is MEE6 the Best Bot?


Ultimately, it will mostly depend on what you are looking for in a bot. However, MEE6 is a powerful Discord bot that does a little bit of everything from moderation, sending alerts, setting roles, creating custom commands, and managing your server overall. It’s also the most popular Discord bot and is hands down the best moderation bot out there.


Conclusion


Discord bots help moderators and admins manage Discord servers, increase engagement, and improve overall functionality. There are already plenty of vanilla Discord commands that you can use. Still, the options become endless when you add in some Discord bots.


Tons of different Discord bots can help make your life easier. These different bots can help you level up your Discord experience and create a unique Discord server.


Those were our picks for 30 of the best Discord bots you can use in 2022. Feel free to explore the thousands of other Discord bots out there and add them to your server to create a one-of-a-kind experience.


Did we leave out your favorite Discord bot? Make sure to comment down below so that we can add it to our next list.
