Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=1928049



GTA Online: The Contract - How to Hack the Security Terminal


We show you how to hack the security terminal to track the second copy of Dre's phone.


In the first High Society Leak mission in The Contract DLC in GTA Online, you break into a surveillance room to find out where the second copy of Dre's phone is. However, once you are in, you need to hack into a security terminal for Imani to be able to track the copy. This can be a bit confusing if you haven't done it before so we're going to show you how to hack the security terminal.


How to Hack the Security Terminal


After you take care of the guards, walk up to any of the three computers in the room and interact with them. When the computer screen opens up, follow the prompted instructions until you come to a screen that looks like this:


This is where you'll need to focus and have fast fingers. To hack the system, you need to line up all of the red letters in the centre of the screen. You do this column by column. The green glow lines show you which column you are currently on. The blue line going across the screen shows you where to line the letters up. Wait for the red letter to come into view and click your action button at the right time to line it up with the middle.


Rinse and repeat with each column until you have lined them all up. After you get every single letter lined up, it usually spells out something amusing and you will get the information you need. Once you hack the system and leave the room, you will be directed to your next task.


The Contract DLC update for GTA Online brought new missions, new cars and new weapons to Los Santos. If you want to see what vehicles that were added and the ones we may see soon, check out our guide on all new cars. We have a guide on how to get the compact EMP launcher, a useful weapon when enemy cars are giving you trouble.


Gfinity Esports is supported by its audience. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn an affiliate commission. Learn more. Looking for specific products? Visit Stockinformer.co.uk / stockinformer.com.


GTA Online: How to hack the security panel in the Diamond Casino Heist


GTA Online is perhaps one of Rockstar Game's most treasured properties, as it has been the biggest money-maker for the publisher and helped the franchise stay relevant. This has been in line with the gaming industry seeing a massive shift towards games that offer long-term support over just releasing the base game.


Season Passes and DLCs have become the norm in the industry, but GTA Online is an anomaly in a lot of ways. The updates for this title come without additional costs, and players need only own GTA 5 on their platforms to receive updates.


While Rockstar doesn't release content quite as frequently as other games, it does end up adding a tonne of quality content over time. One of the more recent updates was the Diamond Casino Heist, which is a delightful series of heists.


GTA Online: How to hack the fingerprint scanner?


GTA Online's Diamond Casino Heist is one that requires good communication as well as planning to complete successfully. To that end, players who have completed the Heist multiple times have sought to help others who might hit a roadblock when faced with the dreaded keypad.


However, as many gamers have already made their way through this section, there are several "cheat sheets" for those stuck at the keypad.


As the fingerprint scanner requires memorization and only has a set number of patterns, it isn't that difficult to bypass by merely using cheat sheets.


Reddit users have come up with cheat sheets to beat the fingerprint scanner with ease.


Image credit: reddit user u/rubensei


The Diamond Casino Heist is one of the better-paying Heists in the game and should be on top of everyone's priority list as it is also quite fun. For all Danny Ocean wannabes out there in GTA Online, this is the mission for them in the game.
