Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=1511513



GTFO 
PC Cheats & Trainer


Team play, breathtaking tension and an eerie horror atmosphere for up to four players - that's what awaits you in the hardcore-action-first-person-shooter-video-game GTFO. A team of prisoners is forced to retrieve valuable artifacts from an underground complex full of horrible creatures in exchange for answers about their past. Our exclusive PLITCH Training-Codes and Cheats will help you fight for bare survival in single-player mode!


more amazing trainers for you


Get PLITCH Premium - play by your own rules


PLITCH is a Freemium Software covering 3,900+ PC games. Every game has a limited set of free cheats that you can use as you wish.


However, to gain full and unlimited access to our entire database of 53,700+ cheats you need to upgrade to PLITCH PREMIUM.


PLITCH COMPANION APPS


Feel the power of PLITCH with the PLITCH Link apps .


. and the PLITCH Overlay in your PC game.


* To use the apps and the Overlay in your Single Player PC games, 
you have to intall the PLITCH client and create an account.


GTFO Community Board


activation not working after update


when do i activate prepare?


Our website uses cookies to make your visit as pleasant as possible. We only use the data for which you have given us your consent.


For more information, please visit our privacy policy or our imprint.


Our website uses cookies to make your visit as pleasant as possible. We only use the data for which you have given us your consent.


I accept technical necessary cookies.


I accept cookies for analysis purposes.


I accept technical necessary cookies

  Provider Cookie Duration Purpose(s)    Microsoft ARR* Session Server load balancing, geographical distribution and redundancy  Server load balancing, geographical distribution and redundancy  Microsoft ASLB* Session Server load balancing, geographical distribution and redundancy  Server load balancing, geographical distribution and redundancy  MegaDev GmbH visdat Session Random ID which serves to improve our technical services by i.e. being associated with traffic metrics and page response times.  Random ID which serves to improve our technical services by i.e. being associated with traffic metrics and page response times.  MegaDev GmbH Plitch.cSettings 1 year Storage of the selection in the cookie banner (i.e. which cookies were accepted and rejected).  Storage of the selection in the cookie banner (i.e. which cookies were accepted and rejected).  MegaDev GmbH Plitch.webClient 20 days Stores login sessions (so that the server knows that this browser is logged into a user account)  Stores login sessions (so that the server knows that this browser is logged into a user account)  Microsoft .AspNetCore.Antiforgery.* Session Security (protection against CSRF; Cross-Site Request Forgery)  Security (protection against CSRF; Cross-Site Request Forgery)   

I accept cookies for analysis purposes

  Provider Cookie Duration Purpose(s)    Google Analytics _ga 2 years The purpose of Google Analytics is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  The purpose of Google Analytics is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google Analytics _ga_* 1 year The purpose of Google Analytics is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  The purpose of Google Analytics is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google Analytics _gid 1 day The purpose of Google Analytics is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  The purpose of Google Analytics is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google Analytics _dc_gtm_UA-* 1 minute The purpose of Google Analytics is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  The purpose of Google Analytics is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.   

I accept cookies for marketing purposes

  Provider Cookie Duration Purpose(s)    Facebook _fbp 3 months The Facebook cookie is used by it's parent company Meta to monitor behavior on this website in order to serve targeted ads to its users when they are logged into its services. It also serves behaviorally targeted ads on other websites, similar to most specialized online marketing companies.   The Facebook cookie is used by it's parent company Meta to monitor behavior on this website in order to serve targeted ads to its users when they are logged into its services. It also serves behaviorally targeted ads on other websites, similar to most specialized online marketing companies.  Bing Ads _uetsid 1 day Microsoft Advertising uses these cookies to anonymously identify user sessions. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.  Microsoft Advertising uses these cookies to anonymously identify user sessions. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.  Bing Ads _uetvid 13 months Microsoft Advertising uses these cookies to anonymously identify user sessions. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.  Microsoft Advertising uses these cookies to anonymously identify user sessions. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns.  Google Adsense _gcl_au 3 months We use cookies to personalize content and ads, provide social media features, and analyze the use of our website. We also share information about your use of our website with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.   We use cookies to personalize content and ads, provide social media features, and analyze the use of our website. We also share information about your use of our website with our social media, advertising and analytics partners.  TikTok _tt_enable_cookie 13 months To measure and improve the performance of our advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok  To measure and improve the performance of our advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok  TikTok _ttp 13 months To measure and improve the performance of our advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok  To measure and improve the performance of our advertising campaigns and to personalize the user's experience (including ads) on TikTok   

GTFO Trainer


Our GTFO +11 trainer is now available for version 1.0 32416 and supports STEAM. These GTFO cheats are designed to enhance your experience with the game.


Download Promo Trainer


You are downloading a PREVIEW of the fully-functional PREMIUM TRAINER that can be obtained with the appropriate premium level membership. Many features will be disabled as it is meant for you to test the trainer to make sure it works with your version of the game before upgrading.


• Infinite Health • Unlimited Ammo • No Glue Gun Cooldown • Unlimited Non-Bullet-Weapon Ammo • Unlimited Sentry Gun Ammo • Stealth Mode • Super Damage • Super Speed • No Recoil • No Camera Shake On Hit • Super Jump


Updated: February 16, 2023 
Game Version: 1.0 32416 
Distribution(s): STEAM 
Compatibility: Win 7 , Win 8.1, Win 10, Win 11+ 
Contributor: 0x90 
Downloaded: 369 times 
