Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=27117



Gunfire Reborn


"Gunfire Reborn is a level-based adventure game featuring FPS, Roguelite and RPG. Players can control heroes with various abilities to experience diverse Build gameplay, use various weapons to explore procedurally-generated levels. You can play the game alone, or join 4-player coop. [1] "
 


Gunfire Reborn was released as an Early Access title in late May 2020, and was fully released in mid November 2021. It currently features 8 playable characters, 4 dungeons, 52 different weapons and over a hundred gameplay-affecting items called scrolls.


Contents


Starting Out [ ]


There are two ways to play in Gunfire Reborn: single-player and online co-op. Both modes play similarly. In online co-op, up to four players can work together to advance through the dungeons, but the enemies will be more powerful. Additionally, there are 11 difficulty modes: Normal, Elite, Nightmare and Reincarnation levels 1 to 8.


FPS elements [ ]


The 52 different weapons have a variety of gun attributes, each varying in things ranging from rate of fire, to critical hit damage, to elemental bonuses, with many also having unique effects that are exclusive to the weapon itself.


Many weapons are staples in other games, such as your typical assault rifles, pistols, sniper rifles, explosive launchers and melee weapons, with each looking and being used in very different ways from one another. Certain unusual weapons are also included, such as throwing daggers, bows, laser gloves and living creatures that attack enemies on command.


Players are rewarded for precise shooting by dealing higher damage and triggering additional effects when hitting enemy weak spots. Enemies mostly use ranged attacks, while certain others are devoted to harassing players up close in melee range. Players can use common FPS tactics such as taking cover or moving quickly to dodge attacks.


Roguelite elements [ ]


Dungeons (known as Acts) are semi-randomized with different layouts for each stage per act. Completing a run or having all players die will return the group back to the menu, losing all weapons and other upgrades found during the run.


Weapons are found randomly while defeating enemies or trading with peddlers, each having their own randomized inscriptions that can change their attributes or trigger useful effects with different conditions.


Players will receive upgrades to their combat capability frequently in the form of occult scrolls, which act as passive bonuses that can be freely dropped, and ascensions, which are powerful hero-specific upgrades that can define specific playstyles. These can be offensive, defensive or utilitarian, allowing for greater variety across multiple runs.


As a roguelite, there is also permanent progression. Players can collect currency called Soul Essence ? and spend it on talents to upgrade their playable character between runs, increasing in level by doing so. As they progress and defeat enemies they will unlock more weapons and occult scrolls, expanding the variety of items that can be found in future runs.


References [ ]

 Gunfire Reborn  Gameplay   Crown Prince • Ao Bai • Qing Yan • Lei Luo   Tao • Qian Sui • Xing Zhe • Li  Talents • Ascensions • Occult Scrolls • Unlockables • Multiplayer  Difficulty • Reincarnation • Daily Challenges • Game Modes   Health ? • Shields ? • Armor ? • Movement Speed • Copper ? • Frames  Weapons    Rifle s • Submachine Gun s • Pistol s • Shotgun s    Sniper s • Launcher s • Injector s • Melee Weapon s  Inscriptions • Projectile • Rate of Fire • Magazine • Reload Time • Weapon Stats  Damage   Fire ? • Lightning ? • Corrosion ? • Elemental Effects • Status Effects   Explosion ? • Skills • Critical Hit • Lucky Shot • Damage Modifiers  World  Longling Tomb • Anxi Desert • Duo Fjord • Hyperborean Jokul   Vaults • Chests • Hazards • Challenge Events  Enemies • Enemy Enhancements • Peddler • Craftsman 

Gunfire reborn playtime


Gunfire Reborn is an adventure level-based game featured with FPS, Roguelite and RPG. Players can control heros with various abilities to experience diverse Build gameplay, use randomly dropped weapons to explore random levels. This game can be played by single player, or Co-op up to four.

Single-PlayerPolledAverageMedianRushedLeisureMain Story3614h 41m12h 35m7h 56m30h 49mMain + Extras2333h 51m31h 35m21h 6m54h 24mCompletionist1878h 37m80h 30m57h 16m105h 46mAll PlayStyles7735h 21m21h 42m15h 23m80h 15m
