Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7610231



Death Worm Hacked


Game Information 
Take control of a killer death worm tasked with wreaking havoc on all life above the surface. As you progress you can upgrade your ability including speed and size, allowing you to have even more fun with your massacre. Can you beat all 15 levels?


Games being played by others


Pixel Quest: The Lost Gifts


Cheats: Hackbar: Press [1] Win level - [2] Toggl.


Mars Commando


Cheats: Hackbar: Press [5] Toggle base health - [6] Money - [7] Togg.


Inner Self


Cheats: Keyhacks: Press [1] Toggle health


Monster Manor


Cheats: Keyhacks: Press [G] Toggle health


Comments


nice game but effing worms xmas is best :D


im an egyptian graboid 
come and get me burt 
like if you know what movie im referancing


im a african graboid 
like if you know what movie im talking about


Movie:Tremors 5: Bloodlines.


Fun like Effing Worm but better.


oh yeah i love this game like if you love this game


This game is awesome like if you agree 
_ _ 
O O


Do you find it funny that the tigers don't eat the camels, the people and the soldiers. xD


actually only thing better than effing worms is the worm itself like its look


Welcome to ArcadePreHacks.com, the largest online game cheat portal on the internet. Our objective is to create a different gaming experience for our users using pre-hacks. Game players who find it hard to play some games can come to arcadeprehacks.com and use the cheats in the game to help complete them, while others like to use cheats for a sandbox mode.


All display advertising on Arcadeprehacks.com is managed by Playwire. If you would like to advertise please visit www.playwire.com or email [email protected]


Total Hacks Played: 1113414835


There are 405 users online


0 Members, 405 Guests


Hack worm game


WebGL is not working properly in your browser. Please update your video driver and browser. Additional information is available on site https:////get.webgl.org/.


Welcome to the world of Wormax, a fascinating multiplayer online action game in which you will fight for precious food against other players in real time!


Wormax.io is a modern remake of the classic Snake. However, here, instead of your own tail and walls, you will face hundreds of thousands of cunning worms that will do their best to eat both your food and you. Therefore you must be cautious, because the sly inhabitants of the Worm Arena will stop at nothing to gain mass and become tops.


Make sure not to run into any other worm, avoid meeting giants that can trap you into circles, don’t lose your mind when jumping into the thick of it, and always be alert - these are basically the main principles that will help you make your worm enormous and take your place in the Rating of the Arena of Wormax.io.


While exploring the map, pick up boosters (magnets, mass conservation, health, telescopes and toxics - you can find detailed information about them in the Encyclopedia). Thanks to the bonuses they give, you will be able to grow your worm faster. Also, make sure to use the super skills (acceleration, stop and transparency).


New records will become closer after you pop into the Shop where you can use the points you’ve earned to upgrade your worm.


Worms online will give you lots of fun and a great dose of adrenaline, you will enjoy interactivity, dynamics, eye-catching graphics. All this brings thousands of players from all over the world to Wormax every day. Play at home or office, during classes, alone or with friends!


The Wormax.io game offers an option of playing with friends. All you have to do is send them your personal link and play together straightaway!


Wormax is a new generation of worms. Size DOES matter here. Can you become the longest one and beat the record of the Arena?


Sign up now and show your worm in action!
