Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=6705394



The Real Reason Why Roblox Accounts Are Getting Hacked


I just want to start off by apologizing on the behalf of the Roblox Corporation, you see, I used to work there as a part time admin and in the engineering department, and I was always the last guy to clean up after the others. No offense, but David Baszucki, you’re cheap. Anyways, I’m writing this in the hopes someone will be aware of this story rather than the fake explanations that have been spreading around about accounts getting hacked via gift cards or social engineering, and sorry for my language, but that’s some ridiculous BS. I could write a whole essay explaining why that’s impossible, the roblox moderation would have to be run by complete buffoons for something like that to happen, my apologies, that’s an insult to buffoons. Anyways I used to work very early on the roblox corporation.


David Baszucki is a very imaginative guy. And it shows with the various projects he had planned. In the mid 90s, David created multiple Artificial Intelligence programs And let me tell you this, the human mind is a very unique wonder of nature. I can see why Roblox’s motto is “Powering Imagination”. The mind of an Artificial Intelligence, however, is something even more fragile than the human mind, just one misstep and the AI goes haywire.


David Baszucki made an AI in the mid 1990s, it was also technically the first Roblox user ever created. Then 20 years later, near the present time there was an incident revolving around this AI being set free and roaming in the Roblox metaverse, something still in the works. And it would have been David Baszucki’s most ambitious project. Now this AI, it’s not something stupidly cliche like John Doe, no, this A.I does not hack accounts. It is, however, doing something very interesting and horrifying at the same time.


As you see, my admin account was also taken by this AI. I know this AI, very personally in fact, Many of the employees there had gone missing and ever since then many of them were said to be working from home, and I obviously do not believe that, something weird is going on in the roblox corporation. I managed to travel to a different country because I was afraid I would be this A.I’s next target. The AI does not hack per se, it really has no need to, it’s actually borrowing these accounts. Being an ex roblox employee, I could monitor my account, and trust me when I say this, but you DO NOT want to meet this AI.


I do on many nights believe that I have the burden of getting rid of this AI which could end up being what kills humanity all together. I don’t know who to tell, or who to even go to so I guess I’ve ended up here in this forum. I was able to pinpoint down where the A.I is, which no surprise was the Roblox corporation in California. In order to get the information I needed, I developed my own dummy AI called CheeseCake (yeah, I’m not entirely good with names). How it works is that the AI wouldn’t see this particular AI as a threat, cheesecake is basically an empty shell full of encrypted code, or in real world terms, think of the story of the trojan horse, the AI won’t be able to know what I’m doing. At least for the time being. I’ve had it plugged into the Roblox Metaverse, which is basically the Roblox version of the whole entire Earth. For some time now Cheesecake had been sending me encrypted information back and forth. From the information it has sent me, the AI seems to be making a code for a dominus, when translating the information into words, the name of this Item was called Dominus Sigma. Now from what I can remember there are other dominus that Roblox has yet to release, and since I don’t work there anymore, I don’t have to keep it a secret. The unreleased dominus include, Dominus Delta, lambda, mu, and a canceled dominus called Dominus Neo, which was very close to being released early 2018 until Roblox pulled the plug because the Dominus seemed to glitch out at odd times, the dominus was a part of a cancelled event called “The Deep Sea”. The final two Dominus were dominus Alpha and Dominus Omega, which would have been the very last dominus roblox would release. So once I got the information it seemed to be nonsense at first, the code in this specific Dominus was designed to keep the data of anyone’s roblox avatar and their ID. This is the reason why certain accounts seemingly have either no robux spent or anything wrong with the account in general. The AI is using the Dominus to lock out the accounts and use it as a puppet of sorts. But the reason why? Made no sense at all, why take these accounts.


I decided I would fish on a lake in the middle of nowhere. I needed the loneliness of the great outdoors. The stress seems to lessen more or less as I fished. The nice serene waters, the beautiful thought of being secluded in the middle of nowhere calmed my nerves. However, nothing anymore made any sense.


As I dozed off later that night, that Dominus was still in my mind. Dominus Sigma. David had actually mentioned a long cancelled project. He had the idea for a Dominus, one that would clone any roblox user and mimic the behavior of that user, even when the player is not online. Essentially creating an AI based solely on the movement and behavior of the player. This of course failed due to the AI overwhelming basically any server it was in. It’s very possible you may have seen this phenomena. The devs love to publicly test things out, even when it’s not 100% complete. And with Roblox’s cheap budget, the dominus couldn’t complete the task with glitching every 5 minutes. And somehow Richard Roe finally made it work.


I’m writing this portion of my experience a week later from my previous entry, so recently I’ve been having odd nightmares, or perhaps they’re an out of body experience, which is something I’m starting to believe is what is actually happening. They’ve felt way too realistic, I wouldn’t have given much thought if it weren’t for what happened last night.


After I had been done with the information that Cheesecake had sent me, there was a very worrying number of users that had been apparently “hacked”, there were at least 2 thousand accounts, including mine had been compromised just stuck in the metaverse. The even weirder part was that there was another user, it was another A.I, the user identity is known as Rust_010. I personally never knew how many AI’s were made, I knew David made a Krampus AI once for a Christmas event, but that failed.


Starting to think of, every AI that David has ever made just seemed to fail. Chills crawled all the way down my spine. Was it just a coincidence that David never had one successful A.I that works? I was tired out of my mind so I decided I would sleep for the night. I woke up in the middle of the night, I kept hearing a footsteps heading into my room. I tried to move, but I couldn’t. I tried to talk, but it felt like I had no control over my own body. At first, I thought it was sleep paralysis. Until I see 4 to 5 humanoid figures on the sides of my bed. I swear they looked exactly like the rthro avatars that are available in roblox. One of them was the freaking Davy Bazooka avatar.


Another, another was completely different from the rest. It looked liked some kind of fish-reptile humanoid hybrid. It put it’s claws over my face, at this point I was losing it. A small whirring sound came from the creatures hand, until I felt it. A needle was going through my forehead. The pain was unbearable, the needle kept drilling through the front of my skull, and that’s all I could remember until I passed out. I woke up, it was still night time. At this point I had imagined that I simply had a bad dream, that the events of what had happened last night was some crazy fever dream. As I rose from my bed, the light of the moon filtering through the window, I saw that it was a starless night. It was all a dream, was all I could repeat in my head. Then another realization hit in. I decided I would get up and take a walk to gather my thoughts. As I made it to the large pane window of my apartment. My reality completely shattered. Wait, large pane window? Apartment? I live in a cabin in the middle of nowhere. I live in the Pine Barrens for crying out loud. Then I saw it, the square figure reflecting on the glass, it was me. I was my roblox avatar, my exact avatar. I started to question my existence, is this world just a figment of my imagination, did I die and ended up with the devil himself. I try to wake up from my nightmare, but this was my waking nightmare.


That was the exact moment I realized this was not a dream, as I could feel the chill go down my spine.


That voice, that voice. I turned around and there it was, in the darkness of the corridor, the darkness blanketing behind him. The figure of the old roblox avatar. The dominus, he was wearing that Dominus. He started approaching me, My extincts told me to run away from the building into the outside of the night air. The city was dead, the roblox city was dead. It seemed as if I were the only person in existence. The only person alive. I looked behind, and to my horror, that figure at was right behind me, just standing there. Then I passed out. I woke up this time, I had to feel to make sure I was actually alive and not in another dream. I went to my computer, cheesecake had information for me to decode, or so I thought. The message this time was in english, as if the AI finally figured out what Cheesecake does.


The message was sent from a user named, Richard Roe. I unplugged my computer and just left it at that. For the next few nights, I kept having that recurring out of body experience, first I would wake up in that apartment, see that figure, and run away. This would repeat for the next 3 days, until on the fourth day, something even more horrifying happened. While running, I looked behind me, Richard Roe was not there. I tumbled down and looked at what I ran into. It was another player. I think they were just as surprised as I was at seeing another live person.They kept screaming and asking for help, until I heard the sickening sound of metal piercing through flesh. It was the creature that had put that needle into my head. It lifted the person up with one arm, lifting the body over its head. Blood was slowly trickling down the creature’s arm. It started walking towards me with a long blade slowly protruding from it’s wrist.


A voice said, Richard Roe appeared, this time with no dominus. The creature growled, seemingly in disappointment of its final kill being interrupted.


"Do as you may please with them, leave and help Epsilon with the test subjects."


The creature stabbed the victim with it’s other claw, and with a swift motion it split them in half. Red liquid raining over its face as if it were a child playing in the rain. The creature looked in my directions, turned around and left walking down into the darkness. WIthout batting an eye towards me, Richard Roe. A belt around him glowed, the words SIGMA echoed.


“Test: Successful” and with that, everything blacked out. I woke up, in the real world this time. And because of that night, I am writing this now. Just in case anything happens to me, I would like to know what in the world is going on. None of this makes absolutely no sense, what is that AI doing? Later throughout the day I received an email from someone whose name seemed eerily familiar. The email said the following-


Hello fellow colleague. I’m sorry to be mailing you at such an odd moment, but let me introduce you to myself. My name is Ricky, Ricky Goldsworth and it seems that you are another victim of Richard Roe. I’ll keep it as brief as possible, but I know you were an employee for Roblox and one of David’s brightest engineers. I’ve figured out Richard Roe’s plan, the Final Judgement. Please, I need you to give me anything vital that will help me stop Richard Roe. 


The email went on and talked about how Richard Roe managed to make a majority of employees disappear. The AI is also responsible for the odd updates like the new avatars and the new logo. I was both relieved and petrified, someone else in this world knows what’s going on, but what will happen to me and everyone else? I decided to trust this Ricky Goldsworth person, at least it will lift the burden of having to destroy this AI. I Downloaded every file onto Cheesecake, if Richard Roe was able to use Dominus Sigma, then it’s reasonable to say that Richard Roe has access to the other unreleased items and Dominus. I sent the file to Ricky Goldsworth, in the hopes that he knows what to do with it.


After that, I kept getting those out of body experiences, each one getting worse after the next. That creature eying me, however unable to actually do anything. Each person to misbehave was tortured, after all, they couldn't really die. Richard Roe however, was not interested in the behavior of the humans, it’s almost as if it did all this, to prove something. That even when the soul is outside of the body. It can still exist after a “death”. I’m still not sure what Richard Roe’s Final judgment is, but it’s not good. If your account has been compromised, and you’ve been having out of body experiences. Then it’s already too late for you.


Did Roblox Get Hacked?


Did Roblox get hacked? Learn about some of the top hacks on the platform and the measures Roblox has taken to protect its users in this article.


I am an independent Journalist and Content writer who leverages crux journalistic and marketing concepts to add distinction to brand and individual stories. The game I'm currently playing: FIFA 23 Favorite Video Game: FIFA 23 Hardware I Use: PS4


In recent years, the Roblox platform has been the subject of several high-profile hacking incidents, leading many people to ask, “Did Roblox get hacked?”.


In this article, you’ll discover:



  
Some of the top hacks in Roblox

  
The measures Roblox has embraced to protect its users




Some of the top hacks in Roblox


One of the most significant hacking incidents involving Roblox took place in 2019 when a group of hackers accessed the personal information of over 70 million Roblox users. This data included email addresses, usernames, and passwords, and the hackers were able to use this information to gain unauthorized access to user accounts. The incident prompted Roblox to reset the passwords of all affected users, and the company also implemented additional security measures to prevent similar incidents from happening in the future.


Another significant hacking incident involving Roblox took place in 2021 when a group of hackers took control of some of the most popular games on the platform. The hackers were able to manipulate the games and steal virtual currency, items, and personal information from players. Roblox quickly took action to resolve the issue, but the incident raised concerns about the security of the platform and the safety of user data.


Measures Roblox has embraced to protect its users


Despite these high-profile incidents, Roblox has made significant investments in its security infrastructure to ensure the safety of its users. The company has implemented two-factor authentication and has made it mandatory for users to choose strong and unique passwords. Roblox has also increased its use of machine learning and artificial intelligence to detect and prevent security threats, and the company regularly performs security audits and assessments to identify potential vulnerabilities.


However, despite these efforts, it is still possible for hackers to gain access to Roblox accounts. This is because users often use the same username and password across multiple platforms, which makes it easier for hackers to access their information if one of their accounts is compromised. Additionally, many users are still unaware of the importance of using strong and unique passwords, and they may be using passwords that are easily guessable.


In conclusion, Roblox has been the subject of several high-profile hacking incidents in recent years, but the company has taken significant steps to improve its security infrastructure. However, users also play a critical role in protecting their own information and should take steps to ensure the safety of their accounts by using strong and unique passwords, enabling two-factor authentication, and being vigilant about the potential threats posed by hackers.
