Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=8612495



Pet Simulator X Huge Machine Location – Roblox


Pet Simulator X has released its Huge Pet update and with it has come, you guessed it, the ability to make huge pets! But how do you actually make your pets huge? Weren't huge pets locked behind the "buy an irl plushie" paywall? Not anymore! Step right up to the Huge Machine in Spawn World and let's get going!


Where is the Huge Machine in Pet Simulator X?


As mentioned above, the Huge Machine can be found in the Shop area of Spawn World, the very first world you enter when loading into the experience. Once inside Spawn World, head toward the bank on the left side of the map—next to the bank should be a large wall that requires you to pay ten million Diamonds to unlock.


As you may have guessed, the Huge Machine, or Huge-A-Tron, is located behind this wall, meaning the only way you can make huge pets is by paying a whopping ten million diamonds, on top of the general cost to use the machine.


How to make huge pets in Pet Simulator X


Now, the way in which this machine works can be a bit confusing, so we'll try our best to break it down for you. The only pets that can be put into this machine are paid-exclusive pets, meaning any exclusive pets you obtained for free from eggs or by completing quests, ie the Hippomelon, Elf Cat, Elf Dog, Pog Cat, Pog Dog, etc., cannot be used. You must have either purchased a Pet Sim X plush and gotten a physical code, or paid Robux for a digital code and pet.


Assuming you paid the ten million Diamonds to unlock the area, and have multiple paid-exclusive pets in your inventory, you can begin using the Huge-A-Tron machine. Similar to the Golden Pet Machine, or Rainbow Pet Machine, the more pets you attempt to merge in the Huge-A-Tron, the less it will cost you to do. What's different about this specific machine, however, is that it runs on an additional point system, rather than just the standard rarity measurement, meaning every paid-exclusive pet you add into the machine has its own point equivalent.


The older and rarer your exclusive pet is, the more points it will be worth—rarer and older pets will be worth closer to five points, whereas newer and less rare pets will be worth closer to one point. On top of that, pets that are Shiny will give a bonus of +3 points, pets that are Rainbow a bonus of +2 points, and pets that are Gold a bonus of +1 point. In order to use the Huge-A-Tron machine, the total number of points earned by your pets need to equate to a minimum of 50 points total. If your combined number of points can't reach 50, you won't be able to use the machine.


If you are able to reach 50 points, it'll cost you 800 Robux to use the Huge-A-Tron machine. If you're able to hit 75 points, it'll cost you 300 Robux, and if you reach the finale of 100 points, merging your pets will be free—free plus the ten million Diamonds it costed to open the door and whatever real-life money you paid to buy enough exclusive pets to have 50 points—but free nonetheless, right?


Again, unlike other machines in Pet Simulator X, merging your pets in the Huge-A-Tron does not technically create one specific huge pet as the outcome; it instead creates the Huge Pet Egg, which can have one of five huge pets inside of it. The likelihood of hatching each of these pets can be found below.


End


That's all there is to know about the Huge-A-Tron in Pet Simulator X! Have you made any huge pets yet? Let us know in the comments below!


Looking for more Pet Simulator X content? Check out our recent guides on What is the best pet in Pet Simulator X? (February 2023) or Best Pet Simulator X Discord Servers for Trading here on Pro Game Guides!


About the Author


When Grace isn't writing about video games, she's playing them, and probably playing too many at once. Since she was a kid, video games and writing have been her two biggest passions, so getting to combine them for a job has been a dream come true! She's your go-to person for all-things Roblox at PGG, and she's happy to help in whatever way she can!


Write A Comment


Pet Simulator X Huge Machine Location – Roblox


Cancel reply


This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


How to make Huge Pets in Pet Simulator X – Huge-a-Tron Machine!


Roblox Pet Simulator X is one of the biggest games on the platform, so when they release a new update people are clamoring to try out the new content! With new additions to the game, comes many questions on how things work. If you want to know how to make Huge Pets in the game, we’ll tell you how to do it in this guide.


How to craft Huge Pets


To make Huge Pets, you will need to access the Huge-a-Tron machine. This can be found near the bank in Spawn World and can be unlocked for 10,000,000 Diamonds. Once you have access to the machine, you can merge Exclusive pets together to make Huge pets.


Spawn World is the first area you will begin the game in and where you will find the Gold Pet Machine. This location has been changed to accommodate the new Huge-a-Tron machine that can be unlocked for 10 million diamonds.


Each Exclusive Pet is assigned a number based on their age/rarity and whether or not they are Rainbow/Shiny. The older/rarer the Exclusive Pet the more points it will be worth. Being Rainbow or Shiny will add additional points to the pet.


Here’s a look at how much each pet should be worth:



  
Companion I: 1 Point

  
Companion II: 2 Points

  
Companion III: 3 Points

  
Other Exclusives: 3-5 Points

  
Gold: 1 Bonus Point

  
Rainbow: 2 Bonus Points

  
Shiny: 3 Bonus Points




To make your Huge Pet, you will need to add enough pets to meet the following point requirements:


Once you have met one of those requirements, you will receive the Huge Machine Egg when you convert, which can be hatched for one of five Huge Pets. These currently include the Huge Pterodactyl (50%), Huge King Cobra (30%), Huge Orca (15%), Huge Chameleon (4.5%), and Huge Angelus (0.5%).


That’s all you need to know about creating Huge Pets in the game! You can check out more information on the game in the Pet Simulator X portion of our website.
