Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=2802271



Tank (Smashy Road Wanted 2 Mystery Vehicle)


Tank is one of the Smashy Road Wanted 2. To obtain the tank, a player must find their way into a military camp, then enter the tank and destroy 10 enemies in under 40 seconds. There are several ways to get into a military camp, however, none of them are very simple or easy. The first way is by obtaining a helicopter or a plane and flying over the walls. However, helicopters spawn rarely and will almost definitely spawn nowhere near the base, and planes only spawn at airports, which are also fairly rare. The second way is to reach Wanted Level 7, and drive your vehicle onto a landmine. With a bit of luck, you can get launched up perfectly and land inside the base. The third way is to position an oil tanker near the walls, and ram the vehicle. With luck, you could end up inside the base. The fourth way, most likely the easiest of the bunch, is to position a ramp truck facing the military base, and drive up it with a lot of speed, and jump the walls. The tank was latter added into smashy road arena as an obstacle. The tank is also the the enemy tank in smashy road #1.


How To Get Mystery Cars In Smashy Road 2


Attention all Smashy Road 2 fanatics! Are you tired of driving the same old vehicles in the game? Do you crave something new and exciting? Well, we’ve got some great news for you. In this blog post, we’ll be revealing how to get your hands on those elusive mystery cars that have been making waves among players. So buckle up and get ready to hit the road with a brand-new set of wheels!


What Mystery Cars are in Smashy Road 2?


In Smashy Road 2, there are a total of 9 mystery cars you can collect. To get them, you’ll have to complete different tasks in the game. Here’s a list of all the mystery cars and their requirements:


The Puma is available as a reward for completing the first 4 worlds of the game. You’ll need to reach world 5 before you can get it.


The Lotus Elise is available as a reward for completing the first 4 worlds of the game. You’ll need to reach world 5 before you can get it.


3. The Shelby Cobra Daytona Coupe


The Shelby Cobra Daytona Coupe is available as a reward for reaching world 6 in Smashy Road 2. To get it, you’ll need to finish in first place on every race in world 6 (excluding trial races).


How to get mystery cars in Smashy Road 2


In Smashy Road 2, there are a few ways to get mystery cars. One way is to find them in the booster packs that you buy. Another way is to find them by winning races. The last way is to find them in special chests that you can open with keys that you earn.


Conclusion


In this article, we have provided a guide on how to get mystery cars in Smashy Road 2. By following our tips, you will be able to unlock all the mystery cars and boost your earnings significantly. Thanks for reading!
