Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=1983190



Da Hood


Da Hood is a role playing sandbox game created by Da Hood Entertainment. The game takes place in a gang subculture environment, were players can become an Officer or become a Criminal to become a part of a Gang. The game has mainly been criticized due to its toxic environment from its player base, along with an abundance of exploiters and bypassed audio.


Gameplay


Players in the game can collect cash within the game. This will allow them to collect different weapons used for offense or defense against players. Players can also roleplay as Officers or Criminals. The Officers role is to arrest the Criminals, while the Criminals work to rob banks and shops. Players who seek to do other objectives with the game can also gain muscle within the gym. If a player wants to decrease their muscle mass, they can eat lettuce to do so.


Popularity


The game has gain popularity due to the game being featured on numerous social media platforms, such as TikTok and YouTube. Due to this popularity, the game was prone to different raids, those being hosted by different YouTubers, most well known being the "Junkbot Raid" which was hosted by Mrflimflam, which reached over 220,000 active players during the initial raid. The raid was purely done just for fun and Albert got permission from the owners prior to raiding the game.


How to get money on da hood


There are ways to protect yourself in the evil RPG Da Hood, but few work better than the experience’s armor system. This system allows players to equip pieces of armor of varying durability to help protect against bullets, stabs, punches, kicks, and anything else that might be thrown your way! In the brief guide below, we’ll take a look at how armor works, where you can collect it, and how much it costs.


All armor positions


For a quick synopsis of all armor positions in Skin Hood, keep reading.


Houses near Jeff’s Taco Shop


Across the street from Jeff’s Taco Shop are three houses — enter the leftmost house to find this Medium armor plate. To buy it you will need $1,000 In-Game Cash.


Related: How to make money fast in Roblox Skin Hood
 


Houses near Downhill Gunz


Just to the right of Downhill Gunz will be a stone house — this is where the second medium armor plate can be found. To buy it you will need $1,000 In-Game Cash.


Police


The third piece of armor can be found inside the police station. To get it, you’ll need to become a cop by talking to the NPC in the main lobby. Once you have joined the police force, you will automatically appear in front of the armor’s location. To buy police armor you will need $1,600 In-Game Cash.


grenade launcher


The last piece of armor can be found in the park near Central Da High School. Just behind the small trailer where the Grenade Launcher can be purchased, you’ll see a hole in the ground — climb into this hole to find the armor location. To purchase this High-Medium armor you will need $2,300 In-Game Cash.


How does armor work?


Similar to other Roblox experiences, or non-Roblox games like Call of Duty, that use an armor system, the armor in Hood Skin is used to protect the player from harm for a limited time. term; any damage you take while wearing armor will not reduce your HP. However, once this armor wears off, your character will revert to taking normal damage.


Looking for more Leather Hood content? Check out our guide on How to Skinny in a Roblox Hood or How to Get a Double Bin in a Roblox Hood!
