Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9428220



Get a Free Fortnite Skin With a New Intel-Powered PC


If you're Team Blue, a Fortnite player or both, here's a deal that'll make you smile. Epic Games announced (opens in new tab) Wednesday that it partnered with Intel to offer the "Splash Squadron Set" skin in Fortnite for free if you purchase a modern Intel-powered PC or laptop running Windows 10.


The Fortnite Splash Squadron Set skin features a two-toned blue hoodie, ax and glider, all accented by white triangles.


In order to enter, you'll need a qualifying device. Check the Intel Hardware Scanning Tool (opens in new tab) website to see which of Intel's best CPUs qualify for the free Fortnite skin. Nearly all 9th, 10th and 11th Gen Intel Core processors will qualify.


How to Get the Fortnite Splash Squadron Set for Free


If you have a system that qualifies, here's how to redeem your skin:


1. Go to: softwareoffer.intel.com/bonus (opens in new tab) . 
2. Sign-in or create an Intel Digital Hub account. 
3. Once your account is activated, log in and click Redeem Offer. 
4. Select No for “Do you have a Master Key?” and select Not Listed for your retailer. 
5. Follow the steps to scan your CPU to verify that your device qualifies (opens in new tab) for the offer. 
6. If your device is verified as an eligible Intel processor, the promotion will be added to your dashboard for redemption. 
7. Agree to Intel’s Terms and Conditions and complete a short survey. 
8. Select "Fortnite: and follow on-screen instructions. 
9. You will need to log into or sign up for an Epic Games account. 
10. Once you have redeemed the offer, the Splash Squadron Set will be added to your Epic account and will be available in-game.


You must claim your skin by March 31 or your qualification will expire.


Epic Games noted that it's expecting "higher-than-normal volumes of new users," so you might have to deal with extended waiting times. It could take "in excess of 72 hours" to get your verification email. Check out Intel's FAQ (opens in new tab) page for the current estimated wait time.


How To Change Character In Fortnite


Have you got bored with the skin and gender of your player? Then why bother yourself when you have plenty of other options.


Fortnite comes with unlimited skins and characters to ensure your the ultimate gaming experience. If you are no longer interested in your present Fortnite character and want to upgrade it then this guide is all here to serve you specifically.


Although it can be a bit tricky for beginners, this is because you may get stuck by the settings and unlimited options.


So without going into further details let’s dive straight into how to change character in Fortnite.


How To Change Character In Fortnite – Complete Guide 



  
Visit the inventory or locker right at the home screen of Fortnite. Click on the hanger icon and that will lead you to the locker option.

  
Here you will be giving multiple skins available in the game. Pick any character that you want to get.

  
Fortnite generally comes with eight characters that you can pick randomly.




Fortnite allows you to pick the character style of your choice among four males and four female characters. Below we have mentioned a detailed guide to change character in different Fortnite formats.


Change Fortnite Character In Battle Royale


Numerous players change the characters or utilise stunning skins to flaunt. It is the most ideal way to communicate your individual and novel ongoing interaction. When Fortnite was first released, it wasn’t possible to change characters in the game.



  
Visit the given locker option via menu

  
After that you will see an outfit slot option click on it.

  
Click on the skin that you want your player to wear.

  
Now you are good to go.

  
However this option is only accessible for those skins that you already own in the game.




Now build and harvest stunning structures using these amazing 17 Rarest Pickaxe in Fortnite.


Change Fortnite Character In Save The World


When it comes to Fortnite Save the World you can pick among four characters. These characters are as follows.


Soldier characters are for those who are new to the game and haven’t unlocked any other character yet in Fortnite. Opening different characters is generally simple. You need to go through the instructional exercise first.


It is mandatory for all new players and will assist you with figuring out how to fabricate structures and battle adversaries. Later you complete the instructional exercise. Assuming that you are fortunate, you can open new characters by crushing open the plunder llamas.


Now you have got access to the new character, it’s time to visit the Hero tab to change the character of your choice.


Default Gender In Fortnite


The uplifting news for most players is that Fortnite allots each new player six default skins. This implies that you’re not ensured to need to take a gander at the very person during each game and that you’ll get at least some assortment.


The terrible news, however, is that you must choose between limited options. Which means that you cannot change the gender of these default characters available in Fortnite. Free players can change nothing about the vibes of their players, and that is an intentional decision with respect to the designers.


For those who want to change the gender of these skins then you will have to pay money for this.


Change Your Character’s Gender


However changing a character’s gender is not that hard, all you have to do is buy a Battle Royale Pass and you are good to go now.



  
Go to the locker and you will find your latest character’s skin and its gender.

  
In order to change the gender, choose your character.

  
Now you will be directed to the other menu section.

  
Here you can select the required gender for your character and skin.

  
You will also find some default characters, select them as well and later on you can apply these skins.

  
Don’t forget that only players with a Battle Pass Player can change their genders.




Why is Fortnite so bad? Click here to find out.


Buy Skins For Your Characters In Fortnite



  
Go to the main menu and click on the locker given in the form on the hanger ion right and the top.

  
Now explore your store and how any skin of your choice.




Apply Skins On Your Character In Fortnite



  
Click on the locker tab

  
Click on Outfit tabs

  
You will be directed to all available skins here

  
Click on your favorite skins

  
Now click on save and exit the tab.




Wrap Up


Changing characters in Fortnite is not that difficult a task to perform. If you are a beginner and don’t know how to change it then our guide has covered each aspect that may create a hassle for you. If you have any queries and want us to cover anything that we haven’t covered yet then don’t forget to let us know in the comment section right below.


Frequently Asked Questions


How do I change my character in Fortnite?


If you want to change the character in Fortnite then go to the inventory or locker option given at the top of your game. If you want to change the gender of your skin then you will have to buy that skin first. Pick the gender of your choice and save it.


How do I change a character’s gender in Fortnite?


However, you cannot change your character’s gender by default. Hence for this, you need to first purchase the skins, as it comes with two versions of male and then you can change the gender as per your choice.


Can I change Fortnite characters without paying?


No, you can’t change your character and its gender without paying. Although there are some default characters that Fortnite randomly chooses for you. So there are two ways to change your character’s gender in Fortnite.


Ø You can buy Fortnite’s currency to purchase skins of your choice.


Ø Or keep restarting the game until you get the character of your choice.
