Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=8954978



Idle Fishing Story


Ahoy, Cap’n! It’s time to assemble your fleet and set sail across the vast blue oceans. There are plenty of fish in the sea, and your goal is to net fish from all over the world in this addicting strategic idle fishing game. 
Recruit new captains and expand your fleet often to increase your haul. Like a shark, you’ll have to keep moving forward to survive in this game. Upgrade your vessels and send them to new locations every week. Collect pearls and coins to level up and unlock the mysteries of the briny depths. Drop anchor and download Idle Fishing Story today!


FEATURES 
🐠 Sail to rare and unique fishing spots to expand your Fishing Empire. 
🐡 Recruit captains to man the deck while you're away, you can even hire the amazing Captain Raymond. 
🦈 Unlock epic boats like "The Slammin' Salmon," "The Codfather," and many more! 
🐋 Upgrade your ships and hire your captains, then sit and watch your profits rise with the tides. 
🐳 Travel the seas in legendary weekly events to catch fish in Rome, Egypt, the Caribbean Sea, and more! 


Idle Fishing Story v2.4.159 (Mod Apk)


What are you waiting for, Captain? Sailors are gearing up for the World Championship Fishing league! Make good use of Captain Raymond’s salmon boat and navigate your way to a prosperous Fish Empire. Click and enjoy this addictive idle clicker game!


FEATURES 
? Sail to rare and unique fishing spots to expand your Fishing Empire. 
? Recruit captains to man the deck while you’re away, you can even hire the amazing Captain Raymond. 
? Unlock epic boats like “The Slammin’ Salmon,” “The Codfather,” and many more! 
? Upgrade your ships and hire your captains, then sit and watch your profits rise with the tides. 
? Travel the seas in legendary weekly events to catch fish in Rome, Egypt, the Caribbean Sea, and more!


STORY 
Captain Raymond and his daughter Poppy are seeing their family business destroyed under the threat of a big, professional fishing brand. If they lose this pro fishing event, they will have to sell their Rock Bottom Fishing Company! It doesn’t matter if you are a fishing beginner or an expert, you can click as much as you like to help them win the competition and keep their most valuable asset!


————— 
Follow us on your preferred social platforms: 
Instagram: @idlefishingstory 
Twitter: @idlefishstory 
Facebook: https://fb.me/idlefishingstory


MOD: 
1. UNLOCK COSTUME 
2. NO ADS


Idle Fishing Story


Чего вы ждете, капитан? Моряки готовятся к чемпионату мира по рыбной ловле! Используйте лососевую лодку капитана Раймонда и проложите свой путь к процветающей Рыбной Империи. Нажмите и наслаждайтесь этой захватывающей игрой-кликером!


 ОСОБЕННОСТИ 
🐠 Плывите к редким местам рыбалки, чтобы расширить свою Рыболовную Империю. 
🐡 Нанимайте капитанов, которые будут управлять колодой, пока вас нет, вы даже можете нанять потрясающего капитана Раймонда.
🦈 Разблокируйте эпические лодки, такие как "The Slammin 'Salmon", "The Codfather" и многие другие!
🐋 Улучшайте свои корабли и нанимайте капитанов, а затем сядьте и наблюдайте, как ваша прибыль растет вместе с волнами.
🐳 Путешествуйте по морям в легендарных еженедельных мероприятиях, чтобы ловить рыбу в Риме, Египте, Карибском море и многом другом!


 ИСТОРИЯ 
Капитан Реймонд и его дочь Поппи видят, что их семейный бизнес разрушен из-за угрозы крупного профессионального рыболовного бренда. Если они проиграют это профессиональное рыболовное мероприятие, им придется продать свою компанию Rock Bottom Fishing Company! Неважно, новичок вы или эксперт в рыбалке, вы можете щелкать столько, сколько хотите, чтобы помочь им выиграть соревнование и сохранить свой самый ценный актив!
