Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=6818276



 IMVU Desktop 544.16 3D avatar chat app for Windows


Virtual world app where you can create your own avatar, chat with friends and explore a vast array of virtual environments.


Online chat client that features 3D avatars and the ability to created theme-based chat rooms in a 3D virtual world. IMVU is a 3D chatting platform with a few different free features that provide an alternative to the old school text chatting platforms like IRC. The application can be somewhat compared to the now-discontinued service PlayStation Home and features a number of differently themed chat rooms where users can select a 3D avatar to interact with other users across the world. Getting up and running and after installation, you'll be prompted to create an account. You can connect to the network by using your sign in credentials from Facebook, Google or just your email address. Once completed, you're free to create yourself a 3D representation of yourself by customizing your avatar. Items such as clothing, specs, accessories, hair and other features can be fully customized in this 3D world. There are a number of free chatrooms with different themes like a coffee shop, lounge or general meeting area. When interacting with other users, you can chat with them in the text box or select from a range of different motions and gestures. The most interesting ones, unfortunately, require a VIP subscription and the free ones include high five, shake hands and bow. If you have not located a chat room that suits your purposed, you're free to create your own ones and along with some other social networking features, IMVU allows you to save people to your contact list such as friends or other people you have connected with in an IMVU chat room. Naturally, private chats can also be opened with friends and non-friends alike. All in all, IMVU is an interesting take on the world of social network and online chatting but does let down a little bit when many of the cooler features require a VIP subscription.


Features of IMVU Desktop



  
Integrates with Facebook and Twitter.

  
Album: Create an album of your 3D photos.

  
Chat: Talk with friends in 3D.

  
Create: Build and customize your 3D avatar.

  
Emoticons: Send virtual emoticons in chat.

  
Events: Host your own virtual events.

  
Events: Participate in virtual parties and events.

  
Express: Showcase your style with a 3D wardrobe.

  
Games: Play free mini-games.

  
Gifts: Send and receive virtual gifts.

  
Groups: Join groups of people with similar interests.

  
Network: Meet new people around the world.

  
Pets: Adopt and care for virtual pets.

  
Rewards: Earn exclusive badges and rewards.

  
Room: Design and furnish a 3D room.

  
Shop: Buy virtual goods




Compatibility and License


IMVU Desktop is a freeware, but ad-supported application available on Windows from instant messaging software. You may encounter different types of ads or offers when running and installing this program. Though ads might be present, download and installation of this PC software is free and 544.16 is the latest version last time we checked.


What version of Windows can IMVU Desktop run on?


IMVU Desktop can be used on a computer running Windows 11 or Windows 10. Previous versions of the OS shouldn't be a problem with Windows 8 and Windows 7 having been tested. It comes in both 32-bit and 64-bit downloads.


Other operating systems: The latest IMVU Desktop version from 2023 is also available for Mac.


We have tested IMVU Desktop 544.16 against malware with several different programs. We certify that this program is clean of viruses, malware and trojans.


Download


Download and Install IMVU Desktop App


IMVU offers real-life experiences in a virtual world. You can chat and hang out with friends, make new friendships, go to parties, play games on the beach, go shopping, even fall in love. Anything can happen, the odds are endless.


You can also become an IMVU Creator. If you like fashion and love creating products, you can sell them in the IMVU Catalog and make money.


To learn more about how to become a creator and the Creator Program, read the article How to Become an IMVU Creator.


Are you ready to have fun? This tutorial will guide you through the downloading and installing IMVU process.


2. Requirements


IMVU recommends a constant Broadband Internet Connection.


Below are the Operating System (OS) and Hardware Requirements for running IMVU on your computer.



  
Mac

  
OS X 10.7 or later.

  
2 GB RAM, Intel Core 2 Duo, Intel GMA 950 video card.

  
If you have a Mac Mini or later, you should be set.




To find your OS and Hardware Information, click the icon in the upper left hand corner of your computer screen, then choose About This Mac.



  
Windows 7 SP 1 or later.

  
1 GHz Processor, 512 MB RAM, Intel GMA 950 video card or better, 2 GB free disk space.




You can find your OS and Hardware Information by clicking on the Start button ➞ Settings ➞ System ➞ About .


3. Download IMVU Installer


The instructions below will show you how to download the IMVU Desktop App step by step according to your Operating System.


Click on one of the links below (Mac or Windows) to get started.


For your iDevice, download our IMVU Mobile App from iTunes.


For your Android Device, download our IMVU Mobile App from Google Play. 


4. Install IMVU Desktop App


The instructions below will show you how to install the IMVU Desktop App step by step according to your Operating System.


Click on one of the links below (Mac or Windows) to get started.
