Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9665963



Key Fed inflation gauge rose 0.3% in February, less than expected


An inflation gauge the Federal Reserve follows closely rose slightly less than anticipated in February, providing some hope that interest rate hikes are helping ease price increases.


The personal consumption expenditures price index excluding food and energy increased 0.3% for the month, the Commerce Department reported Friday. That was below the 0.4% Dow Jones estimate and lower than the 0.5% January increase.


On a 12-month basis, core PCE increased 4.6%, a slight deceleration from the level in January.


Including food and energy, headline PCE rose 0.3% monthly and 5% annually, compared with 0.6% and 5.3% in January.


The softer-than-expected data came with monthly energy prices decreasing 0.4% while food prices rose 0.2%. Goods prices climbed 0.2% while services increased 0.3%.


In other data from the report, personal income rose 0.3%, slightly above the 0.2% estimate. Consumer spending climbed 0.2%, compared with the 0.3% estimate.


Stocks opened higher following the report while longer-duration Treasury yields declined.


"The inflation trend looks promising for investors. Inflation will likely be below 4% by the end of the year, giving the Federal Reserve some leeway to cut rates by the end of the year if the economy falls into recession," said Jeffrey Roach, chief economist at LPL Financial.


Market pricing Friday morning following the inflation report indicated an even split between the Fed raising its benchmark rate another quarter percentage point or holding steady in May.


The Fed's own unofficial projections released last week pointed to perhaps one more increase this year and no reductions. However, traders expect cuts this year, with end-year pricing for the federal funds rate at 4.25%-4.5%, half a point below the current target range.


While inflation has ebbed in some areas, it has remained pernicious in others. Shelter costs in particular have risen sharply. Fed officials, though, are looking through that increase and expect rents to decelerate through the year.


Still, inflation is likely to remain well above the Fed's 2% target into 2024, and officials have said they remain focused on bringing down prices despite the current bank turmoil.


Data released Thursday suggests that the problems in banking also may be at least under control. Borrowing through two emergency Fed lending programs decreased slightly last week, indicating that there has been no frantic liquidity dash for banks that may be undercapitalized.


Jamie Dimon's Candid Shareholder Letter: 5 Crucial Topics From The JPMorgan CEO – Banking, Government, Inflation, AI, And China


Jamie Dimon, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of JP Morgan Chase & Co. JPM , released his annual letter to shareholders in which he discussed crucial themes such as the current banking crisis, U.S. fiscal and monetary policies, inflationary risks, the war in Ukraine, and the global competitiveness of the United States versus China.


Current Banking Crisis Nothing Like 2008, But There Will Be Repercussions


Dimon said that the current banking crisis, while not as severe as the one in 2008, is far from resolved and will have lasting effects.


He downplayed the claim that the regional banking crisis has favored major banks by attracting deposits and growing their market share.


“Any crisis that damages Americans’ trust in their banks damages all banks” and “the notion that this meltdown was good for large banks in any way is absurd,” Dimon said.


He highlighted the importance of bank regulation, aiming for one that decreases the likelihood of failures and contagion. “The debate should not always be about more or less regulation but about what mix of regulations will keep America’s banking system the best in the world”, he added.


“We Require A 21st Century Government”


Dimon said the U.S. government needs to be reorganized more quickly to fit the challenges of the new world. He advised accelerating innovation, technology adoption, and the retraining of human resources, because the situation will only worsen unless we take action.


Regarding the federal government's and the Federal Reserve's economic policies, Dimon sees potential danger emerging from massive fiscal expenditure and quantitative tightening.


“The federal government had a deficit of $3.1 trillion (2020), $2.8 trillion (2021) and $1.4 trillion (2022), you simply cannot have this level of spending and say that it’s not inflationary,” the banker highlighted.


About the Fed's quantitative tightening, he stated that it will have long-term effects that might become another driver pushing longer-term rates higher than currently anticipated.


Heading To Higher Inflation For Longer


“Borrowing to consume can only be inflationary.” According to Dimon, higher government spending including climate spending, higher levels of debt, higher energy costs and the changes in the world’s trade dynamics, all lead to higher inflation and higher interest rates than in the immediate past.


“If we have higher inflation for longer, the Fed may be forced to increase rates higher than people expect despite the recent bank crisis,” the JP Morgan CEO stated.


Artificial Intelligence: A Groundbreaking Technology


According to Jamie Dimon, artificial intelligence (AI) is a remarkable and revolutionary technology that will be vital to JP Morgan's future success.


The CEO stated that the bank is envisioning new methods to augment and empower employees with AI via human-centered collaboration tools and processes, employing technologies such as massive language models, such as ChatGPT.


US vs China: A Complex Geopolitical Equilibrium


Dimon stated that China, which dominates the markets for batteries, rare earths, semiconductors, and electric vehicles (EVs) through the use of subsidies and its financial muscle, might potentially jeopardize U.S. national security by restricting access to these vital resources. 
The banker believes that less predictable geopolitics in general and a difficult adjustment to relations with China are likely resulting in increased military spending and a realignment of global economic and military alliances.


© 2023 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.
