Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9193324



15 best non-Freemium Android games


A lot of people hate Freemium games. If you would rather do it the old school way, here are the best non-freemium games!


Freemium games hit Android like a dump truck. It allowed apps and games to go free with users paying money later if they chose to and it’s been a model that has been dominant. Free-to-play games make more money than their pay-once counterparts and people tend to download them more often. However, there are many who don’t mind paying for a bigger experience. If you’re one of those people, then we hope you’ll enjoy the non-Freemium Android games.


The best non-freemium Android games


Bloons TD 6


Price: $4.99 with in-app purchases


Bloons TD 6 is one of the best tower defense games on mobile. It runs for a single $4.99 payment and you can buy power-ups with in-app purchases if you want to, but it’s completely unnecessary. The game includes 37 levels with several difficulties each along with several challenge modes. You get a bunch of monkey towers, each with three upgrade paths. Some other features include offline support, Google Play Games cloud saving, achievements, and tons of challenges. Ironhide Studios makes the Kingdom Rush series and those are also decent tower defense, non-freemium games with single price tags. You can buy extra stuff in the game, but it is entirely optional and you can easily beat the game without any of it.


Cytus II


Price: Free / Up to $9.99


Cytus II is one of the few good rhythm games on mobile. It has colorful graphics, an anime theme, and smooth gameplay. The controls are a series of taps and swipes to the beat of the music. You get a campaign mode with a story, albeit a short one. There are a good number of songs in the free version. You can purchase more songs as in-app purchases. They are permanent DLC. Rayark, the developer, has a bunch of decent rhythm games with similar payment structures. Cytus II is just their biggest title right now and it’s one of the best non-freemium Android games. This one is also free if you use Google Play Pass.


The Escapists 1 and 2


Price: $6.49-$6.99 each


The Escapists is a puzzle-escape game with simulation elements. You play as a prisoner in a prison. You do your prison duties, live the prison life, but also secretly break out. Players have a variety of options to break out across each prison level and there is also a decent crafting system to make yourself tools to help yourself out. The second game in the series is bigger with more levels and more methods of escape, but both games are quite good. Both games are also available via Google Play Pass if you have Google Play Pass.


Evoland 1 and 2


Price: $0.99 / $7.99


The Evoland series is a unique couple of games. They don’t have a specific genre. Each game has a variety of gameplay elements and mechanics, including RPG, trading card game, fighter, adventure, puzzle, and many others. It also has a variety of graphics ranging from modern to retro and back again. They are odes to the video games we grew up on. They also play delightfully sans the occasional rare bug. The first one goes for $0.99 and the second for $7.99. Neither of them has in-app purchases. This same developer also did OK Golf, an above-average arcade golf game that is also a non-freemium mobile game.


Levelhead


Levelhead is easily one of the top two or three best platformers on mobile. It features exceptionally smooth gameplay, dozens of campaign levels, features for speedrunners, and an outstanding level creator. Additionally, it features cross-platform support so you can sync your game between multiple platforms if you want to. Basically, you play through levels to teach a robot how to deliver packages and then create levels for other people to play. You can also download levels as well. This game should be a lot more popular than it is. It’s one of the truly great mobile games of the last few years. It’s also free on Google Play Pass if you use it. The same developer also does Crashlands, another outstanding non-freemium mobile game for you RPG and open-world fans out there.


Minecraft


Price: $6.99 with in-app purchases


Minecraft: Pocket Edition is the mobile version of one of the most popular games ever. The game is completely open and you can do pretty much whatever you want. There are things that can kill you if you put it in survival mode or you can just do whatever you want without trouble in creative mode. It’s not quite as robust as the console or PC version, but updates have been floating in to make it closer. You can also use this to play on servers that aren’t on mobile (as of E3 2016) which is awesome. Technically, this one does have in-app purchases. However, they are for skins and they don’t affect the game at all.


Mini Metro


Mini Metro is a fun little puzzle game. Players have to build a transit system for a city. You connect the dots and make the best possible decisions. The game includes 18 real cities to play with, daily challenges, simple controls, and more. You also get three play modes that include an endless mode, a quick play mode, and an extreme mode. It’s a neat little puzzle sim game with a reasonable price tag. The graphics are a little minimal. Some may like it while others may not. It also comes with a colorblind mode and a night mode for late-night sessions. This game is also free on Google Play Pass.


Monument Valley 1 and 2


Price: $3.99-$4.99 each (with optional DLC)


Monument Valley is one of mobile’s most iconic puzzle games. Its M.C. Escher-style puzzles delighted audiences and proved fun. There is a storyline and it’s rather light, but most people play for the gorgeous puzzles. Both of these games are rather short, but that’s really the only complaint anyone’s ever had about them. You flip level pieces around to create new paths out of seemingly nothing. The first game is $3.99 with some optional DLC. You can get the second game for $4.99 and we imagine some extra content is coming eventually for that one too. Yep, this one too is available on Google Play Pass.


Oddmar


Action, adventure and platforms in the land of the Vikings


Latest version


Oddmar is a mix of action, adventure and 2D platformer where you control Oddmar, a Viking who has been cut off from the rest of his tribe, who decides to go on an adventure to show the world (and himself) the great power he holds within.


The Oddmar controls are perfectly adapted to touchscreens. With your left thumb you can move your character from the left to the right of the screen, while with your right thumb you can jump and attack. In the options menu, you can 'hide' the controls or leave them visible.


In Oddmar, levels last for around 5 minutes. In this time you have to try and take all the runes that you find on the way, as well as three coins hidden in each level. All this while completing puzzles, jumping between platforms and destroying monsters.


It is important to note that the full Oddmar adventure has 24 different levels. This free version of the game, as you might expect, only includes the first few, so you can get a good idea of the quality of the game.


Oddmar is an excellent mix of action and platformer with some of the best graphics found on Android. A fantastic title, worthy of respect even among PC and console games.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information
