Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=732602



jetAudio Android


This application is a standard kind of music player, which works just fine for regular users who just want to listen to their favorite tracks with no hassle. More advanced users can enjoy sound effects (careful, some you have to pay for) an equalizer for personalizing every audio experience and music using the internet. In addition, this tool plays almost any kind of music file - from MP3 to OFF, M4A and FLAC, among many others. The app will allow you to listen to your favorite tunes organized in different ways:



  
Genre

  
Device folder

  
Personalized play lists

  
Artists

  
Songs

  
Albums

  
From the internet




For those who would like to personalize their listening experience.
 


Make a personalized loop for songs


Additionally, the free version of jetAudio features functions such as volume control, crossfade, a control for sharing what you are listening to on your social networks, and an interesting option for having a part of a song repeat in a loop from one point of the song to another, that is chosen by you. Meanwhile, the paid-for version includes some other very interesting tools, such as being able to view song lyrics, two locking screens, 14 different widgets and different visual themes.


You can listen to the stuff you love on an app that has a bit of everything – basic free functionality or supped-up sounds for the more discerning for a fee. Whichever you prefer, this app makes listening to music easy, comfortable and hassle-free.


Requirements and additional information:


With a degree in Law and Journalism, I specialized in criminology and cultural journalism. Mobile apps, especially Android apps, are one of my great passions. I have been testing dozens of apps every day for over six years now, discovering all.


jetAudio


jetAudio is an app that lets you play tons of songs and audio tracks with excellent quality on your Android device. Thanks to the multiple equalization options, this tool is a great way to get a clear sound for each musical style.


jetAudio includes a side menu where you can access your favorite music in a matter of seconds. This player also has well-organized content, so you can always find exactly what you're looking for without wasting lots of time in the process.


Without a doubt, one of the most striking aspects of jetAudio is the equalizer functions, which are ideal for making the most of each track. Thanks to the multiple mixing options, you can easily modify the parameters to listen to each song with exceptional quality, always taking into account whether you're going to listen with headphones or speakers.


jetAudio has a well-designed interface and a wide range of options, all of which make it easy to listen to your music on your smartphone with top-notch quality. There are also numerous effects created to enhance the sound.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information

 Package Name com.jetappfactory.jetaudio  License Free  Op. System Android    Category Audio  Language English

jetAudio HD Music Player Plus MOD APK 11.2.3 (Unlocked)


The description of jetAudio HD Music Player Plus MOD APK 11.2.3 (Unlocked)


Explore this Article



  
What does it do?

  
Requirements

  
Awesome features

  
Work well with all audio file formats

  
Intuitive music library to work with

  
Edit music tags for more organized layouts

  
Useful playback options to work with

  
Interesting graphic equalizer to adjust the music

  
Play music from shared folders

  
Useful widgets to work on the home screen

  
Work well with other music apps

  
Many audio playback settings

  
Fully compatible with Bluetooth headsets

  
Quickly share your music online

  
Have access to the unlocked application on our website




While you can all enjoy your favorite music videos or listen to songs from your mobile devices, most of the time, the experiences can be somewhat lacking, especially for the dedicated audio files. Either that your music apps or audio files are not capable enough to deliver impressive audio experiences. Hence, it’s always better for users to look for dedicated music player apps that can really improve their audio playback quality.


And among the top-rated music player apps, jetAudio HD Music Player Plus is certainly a great app for Android users to enjoy. With standard and convenient playback features, you can enjoy all audio files and songs that you have on your devices. And at the same time, feel free to make uses of the advanced options to customize and enhance the playback experiences to the fullest.


Learn more about this amazing application from Team Jet with our in-depth reviews.


What does it do?


For those of you who are interested, you can now enjoy the high-quality audio playback experiences in jetAudio HD Music Player Plus whenever you want. Feel free to select any audio files on your Android devices and put them in their respective libraries. The app can work well with all audio files, so you won’t miss out on any songs. Enjoy playing music whenever and wherever you want with your portable playback device.


Also, you can make uses of the awesome in-app equalizer and improve the playback experiences in many ways. Have fun choosing between multiple presets and discover unique audio adaptations. Or enjoy working with the 10/20 bands equalizer to freely adjust the audio playback on your system. Make changes to the playback experiences by playing with the speed control, crossfading effects, and so on. And for those of you who are interested, you can now play music from shared folders, using jetAudio HD Music Player Plus. All of which will guarantee a complete playback experience for all users.


Requirements


To start enjoying the mobile app, you can simply download and install it from the Google Play Store. Feel free to enjoy the exciting mobile app and many of its features to make the playback experiences more enjoyable. Just keep in mind that you’ll need to pay to unlock the priced app.


Also, to make sure that jetAudio HD Music Player Plus can function properly on your mobile devices, users will need to provide it with certain access permissions, which are needed to enable the fully-featured app on your system. And don’t forget to also have your devices updated to the latest firmware versions, preferably Android 4.1 and up.


Awesome features


Here are all the exciting features that you can enjoy:


Work well with all audio file formats


For those of you who are interested, you will find yourself working with all the available audio files on your mobile devices, as jetAudio HD Music Player Plus is now compatible with most common file formats. Feel free to enjoy your songs, podcasts, audiobooks, and other audio content in MP3, WAV, FLAC, M4A, MPC, TTA, and many others. And with the upcoming updates, you can have all audio file formats supported by jetAudio HD Music Player Plus.


Intuitive music library to work with


And to make it easier for you to work with the audio playback application, users can now enjoy the intuitive music library with many accessible options and convenient features. Here, you can have all the available audio files properly displayed on your screen in an organized manner, which makes it a lot easier to sort through them. The provided layouts will allow you to play music by artists, albums, folders, genres, or many other tags.


Feel free to choose between different layout styles using the list modes or grid modes for artists, songs, folders, genres, and other tags. Select multiple songs, files, or playlists at once for further editing and adjustments. Or even expand the notification bar for better control of the app.


Edit music tags for more organized layouts


Using music tags will make it a lot easier to manage all the audio files on your system. And the jetAudio HD Music Player Plus, is certainly a great app for Android users to work with, as it provides the useful Tag Editor, which will allow you to change the sorting info on any of your audio files. Feel free to use it to change the artist name, album, genres, and other useful tags, which would make sorting your library a lot easier. Plus, you can now add lyrics in certain song tags, as they allow you to enjoy your music even more.


Useful playback options to work with


And for those of you who are interested, you can now make uses of the useful playback options in jetAudio HD Music Player Plus, which will allow you to freely customize the playback experiences. That being the case, you can now simply flick down the notification bar to show the Now Playing panel. Flick left or right to play the next or previous tracks, respectively. Also, you can shake your phone to play the next or previous track, which is quite nice and stylish.


To make sure that your devices don’t turn off when working on your songs, podcasts, or audiobooks, users can easily keep your screen on with the respective feature in jetAudio HD Music Player Plus. And while you are at the lock screen, you can still access the playback interface and make certain changes to the songs. And also, to prevent the music from keeping playing even when you’ve fallen asleep, jetAudio HD Music Player Plus will allow its users to set up their sleep timer for more convenient uses.


Interesting graphic equalizer to adjust the music


Here in jetAudio HD Music Player Plus, Android users can enjoy playing with the awesome audio equalizer, which allows them to freely customize the audio playback experiences. Have fun playing with the 20-band graphic equalizer, as you freely adjust the high, mid, and low frequencies on your devices. This should allow you to make many interesting tweaks on the audio playback of the devices. In addition, you can also try out many awesome audio presets in jetAudio HD Music Player Plus, which come with many standards equalizing from the app.


Play music from shared folders


Along with the songs and audio files from your device’s storage, users can now connect jetAudio HD Music Player Plus to any of their shared folders to enjoy a much larger audio library. Feel free to connect to your shared folders via Wi-Fi connection or your home network to access your premium audio library.


Useful widgets to work on the home screen


Also, to make the app more interesting, users can also discover many awesome app widgets, which can be easily added to the home screen. You can use them to make changes to your playback experiences without having to access the app itself. Also, feel free to customize the sizes of your widgets to better fit on the home screen without making too many compromises to your onscreen apps and other elements.


Work well with other music apps


jetAudio HD Music Player Plus can now work well with many other music apps, including YouTube, Last.fm, and more, as it provides a much more convenient experience for mobile users. Here, you can easily find your favorite songs on YouTube with a simple search operation. Feel free to use the Last.fm playlists to improve your playback experiences. The list goes on.


Many audio playback settings


For those of you who are interested, you can now enjoy working with many audio playback settings from jetAudio HD Music Player Plus, which will allow Android users to easily improve the certain audio files in various ways. Start by playing with the precise playback speed control, as it allows you to easily adjust the sounds and how they are represented. Make certain speed adjustments and enjoy unique playback experiences. Also, with the available pitch shifter, you can easily customize the audio pitches on your files and make the more interesting.


Have fun working with the powerful sound effects of X-Wide, Reverb, X-Bass, which will allow you to improve the soundstage, bass responses, and many other important elements of your audio files. Also, the AGC (automatic gain control) will intelligently customize the audio volume for certain tracks to prevent any noticeable fluctuations.


Fully compatible with Bluetooth headsets


If you are using a headset to enjoy audio on your mobile devices, jetAudio HD Music Player Plus will work well with all the available features on your headset and make it even more capable. Feel free to press the control button to easily pause or resume the song. Perform double or triple press to choose the next or previous song. Long press to mute the device, and more. In addition, it’s also possible to send track information via Bluetooth for devices that support AVRCP 1.3 or above, which is quite amazing.


Quickly share your music online


And for those of you who are interested, you can now quickly share your music online with other social network users. This would send all related information to the songs, podcasts, audiobooks, and other audio content that you’re listening to.


Have access to the unlocked application on our website


To make the app more interesting, Android users can now have access to the unlocked version of jetAudio HD Music Player Plus on our website. Here, you don’t have to pay for the premium app features while still being able to make the most of it, especially the unlocked equalizer presets. All it takes is for you to download the jetAudio HD Music Player Plus Mod APK, follow the provided instructions, and you’re good to go.


Final verdicts


Together with Poweramp, jetAudio HD Music Player Plus will complete your audio playback collection, as it provides users with many useful tools, which would make it a lot easier for you to manage and play the selected files. And with the modded version of the app on our website, you’ll find it to be even more capable and accessible.
