Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=4417288



Kingdom Rush: The Heroes Hacked


Unlimited resources. No other hacks as they are premium content.


Description


As one of the greatest generals the kingdom has ever known, tower defense Kingdom Rush: The Heroes is your specialty.


How To Play


The king needs you to protect the lands from an onslaught of evil creatures. They're out to destroy everything in their path, and a heroic defense is our best strategy. Place towers carefully along the road to annihilate orcs, goblins, and other dark beings as they march or fly toward the kingdom's vulnerable castles and villages. Every enemy you kill gives you gold to buy more defensive forces. If things get too messy, remember, you can always call in reinforcements! Upgrade your army to become more powerful; you can bet our enemies are doing the same. Grab your battle axe—the story begins in Southport.


Kingdom Rush MOD APK 5.8.02 (Unlimited Money)


The description of Kingdom Rush MOD APK 5.8.02 (Unlimited Money)


Explore this Article


There are many strategy games on the internet, but not all of them are as popular as King Rush – one of the best strategic tower defense games of all time! Not only one but all games of Kingdom Rush series such as Kingdom Rush Frontier, Kingdom Rush Origin or Kingdom Rush Vengeance, all have been well received by fans of the tower defense strategy genre. Almost all of the brand’s games have received extremely positive feedback from players and received very high ratings on any platform like android, ios or steam.


A massive kingdom with a vast arsenal of towers and spells at your command!


The plot of the game is in a vast kingdom that is suffering from attacks of ferocious monsters. Players’ mission is to command the kingdom army, which is divided into 4 different towers to fight against the monster horde. Four basic towers represent the 4 armies of the kingdom including militia, archers, mages and bombard. While militia barracks will produce soldiers to intercept the monster’s path, archers towers will shoot arrows at one specific monster to deal physical damage until they die or out of range. Mage towers deal magic damage which ignore enemy armor and bombard towers deal AoE damage to a group of monsters. These towers can be upgraded and evolve into 16 different towers, not only changing its appearance but also the damage output. Besides, there are some towers that are only available in specific maps.


The default mode of the game is Campaign mode, by completing level players will be rewarded from 1 to 3 stars based on how successfully it has been played, determined by the number of lives at the end of the level. After finishing all campaign maps with three stars, Heroic Challenge, Iron Challenge and Endless Mode Challenge will be unlocked. Players can choose the difficulty of the maps between Casual, Normal and Veteran before every level. The difficulty changes the Hit Points of the enemy. Monsters in Kingdom Rush are also a powerful force with more than 60 different monsters along with 11 powerful bosses. Each of them have different indexes and players will be informed before the round begins. Therefore, it requires players to improvise and construct towers the most intelligently and strategically.


Besides mighty towers, players are also equipped with two special spells which are “Rain of fire” and “Call reinforcements”. “Call reinforcement” is the first and basic spell of the game, once casted, it will spawn two soldiers that last for a certain period of time, buying time by engaging non-flying enemies. While “Rain of fire” is the second spell, when casted it will summon several meteos upon the designated position and cause true damage – damage that ignores all defense and magic resistance to all enemies inside. Along with the arrangement and upgrade of the towers, the effective use of spells will lead to victory or failure of the level.


The diversity of heroes and upgrade system!


Another feature of Kingdom Rush is heroes. Heroes are special units that are controlled by the player and can be commanded to move around the map, and will use abilities that differ between heroes. Unlike any other unit in the games, heroes will gain experience through battles to battles and become more powerful. Heroes have stats similar to enemies, including hit point, attack, armor and speed. These statistics vary from one hero to the other, designed to give each hero advantages and disadvantages. Even though heroes are strong, they are not invincible. When a hero is defeated, they immediately start to heal, and will respawn after a certain length of time.


Heroes begin at level 1 and gain experience during a level by attacking enemies, before maxing out at level 10. With each new level they gain a boost in their HP and attacking strength. When a level ends, the hero reverts back to level 1. Hero stats are rated on a scale of 0 to 8 in terms of Health, Attack, Ranged Attack and Speed. Heroes have two abilities, unlocked when they reach certain levels, and gain in power just as their other stats do. There are 3 basic and free to play heroes which are Sir.Gerald the Lightseeker, Alleria the Swiftwind and Malik the Hammerfury, other 9 heroes are premium and only available through ingame purchases. First, Sir.Gerald is a mighty melee hero with high health, average attack and speed, his skills are capable of boosting allies’ power and reflect damage to the enemy. Next, Alleria is an elite elf markman with low hit point and weak melee damage but quite high range damage as well as speed, her ability allows her to shoot multiple targets at once and summon a wild cat to fight for her as frontline. Finally, Malik – a giant with gigantic hammer to smash his enemy, despite his low speed, he is extremely powerful with the ability to deal true damage and stun the enemy. Other heroes and their abilities are waiting for you to discover in the game!


In addition, Kingdom Rush also has an upgrade system. Using stars gained after every level, players can choose to upgrade 4 towers and 2 spells to become even more powerful. These upgrades can increase attack power, attack rate or attack range of the tower while the two spells will become more effective and reduce cooldown time.


A free to play game that is available on many platforms with simple but eye-catching graphics!


Kingdom Rush brand is no stranger to the community, but the heat of the game has been maintained over the years. One of the reasons is that it is easy and simple to access the game. Available on Flash, Android, iOs and Steam and 3 over 4 are free to download and play. In addition, with cute chibi style graphics, the game has easy to win the hearts of players from any group of ages. But that is just the reason that brings players to Kingdom rush, what keeps players in the game is the tactical factor and requires an adaptation to each level of the game. Until now, The game is still considered as the childhood game of many people and was honored as one of the best tower defense strategy games ever released.


Kingdom Rush Frontiers MOD APK 5.8.02 (Unlimited Money)


The description of Kingdom Rush Frontiers MOD APK 5.8.02 (Unlimited Money)


Explore this Article


Join thousands of worldwide in the most exciting and addictive defense game for Android devices, Kingdom Rush Frontiers. Take your strategic skills and abilities to the test with exotic monsters and tough terrains to defend. What would you do in that situation? Find out about this awesome game with our comprehensive review.


Story


The game takes place in a fictional world where you’re surrounded by exotic creatures that constantly threating your people’s well-being. In additions, enemies from the surrounding lands are also trying to conquer your people and enslave them.


It’s time to take up arms and build your defense. You’ll have access to dozens of different fire powers which could deal devastating damages to the enemies. Make sure you use it well.


On top of that, you’ll need to earn money to upgrade and repair your defense regularly. Research new technologies as they would be extremely helpful in slowing down your enemies’ advances. And when the time comes, make sure you’re well-prepared to deal with the giant bosses that would take down anything that gets in their way. Defend your land and bring glory to your people.


Gameplay


Here are a few features that would certainly interest you:


Useful boosts for dealing with tough enemies


If you’ve been playing tower defense game long enough, you’ll know that there is nothing as an ultimate defense. For most of the time, your facilities and economic powers wouldn’t allow for more tower to be built and more upgrades to be made. Thus, dealing with swamps of incoming enemies is never an easy task.


Luckily, in Kingdome Rush Frontiers, you’ll have access to many powerful abilities that could drastically enhance the power of your towers and troops, or dealing devastating damages to the enemies. Hence, make sure you keep a few of those in your inventory before starting a difficult level.


Various terrains with different challenges


With dozens of different stages that consist of different maps with different environments and enemies, you must be extremely flexible when dealing with the changes. Quickly develop a suitable strategy to deal with the different challenges that come with every map is the key factor that would help you win the match.


Different towers with different powers


Of course, you’ll have a lot of towers to play with, it’s a tower-defense game. Still, in Kingdom Rush Frontier, each tower is relatively different from the others as they feature completely different traits, powers, and abilities. On top of that, you’ll also have access to various upgrades depending on your battling styles and that of your enemies.


There are currently 18 different abilities that you could bestow upon the towers. Make sure you do it wisely to enhance their efficiency during the battles.


Unique enemies with various powers


However, the game would never be entertaining and exciting if your enemies are too weak. That being said, in Kingdome Rush Frontiers, you’ll have to deal with over 40 different species of monsters who’re trying to take down your towers. Each of them comes with powerful abilities that could cause serious havoc among your line of defenses.


Various strategies to deal with certain enemies


To deal with the enemies that have the advantages of both number and power, you must do a good job of organizing the defense. Make sure you choose the suitable towers for certain enemies to deal with the maximum damages. On top of that, the towers also need to be well-positioned so that they can have the best coverage of the battlefield. That way, not a single bullet or rocket would be wasted.


In additions, you can choose to upgrade certain towers to their maximum power or vice versa depending on the type of enemies. Also, you must also consider the terrains on each map since they could be the decisive factors.


The game also provides a set of powerful heroes that would give you a big help when dealing with tough enemies. Since you can only select a limited number of heroes, make sure you choose the right ones to provide you great assistance during the match.


Incredible bosses


Aside from the already-annoying minions, you’ll have to face much bigger threats which are the enemy’s bosses. They are usually giant monsters with incredible powers as well as an almost unlimited amount of health. Hence, it would take an intelligent strategy and a lot of fire powers to deal with them. Still, having to deal with these giant enemies make the game much more challenging and exciting at the same time.


Different game modes and difficulties


You won’t likely to feel bored playing Kingdome Rush Frontiers, as the game features up to 3 exciting game modes. Hence, you can test your skills in the Classic, Iron, and Heroic matches. In additions, for those who’ve already mastered the Easy and Normal level, you can go for the Hard mode which would offer a lot more challenging gameplay.


Dozens of achievements


To give your squad more useful boosts as well as money for upgrades, you can choose to complete dozens of in-game achievements that they offer. Although it would take a little while to complete, you would gain access to incredible rewards.


Graphics


The game features a simple, yet still captivating art style. The awesome graphics and character designs help to give the game a good impression of a wild land with ferocious savages. On the other hand, the towers are well-constructed and design, you can see the great details from each and every construction.


With a large map and a huge top-down view, players are able to have a good observation of the battlefield. And thanks to detailed visual effects, enemy movements can be easily detected and you can come up with the solutions right away.


Last but not least, the fire powers, magical blows, and physical attacks are greatly depicted in a friendly cartoonish style. Thus, making the game relatively playable for people of all ages.


Final thoughts


With great gameplay, many discoverable features, and awesome graphics, you’ll find Kingdome Rush Frontiers extremely fun and addictive.


How To Install Kingdom Rush Frontiers APK with OBB data file



  
APK install it on your device, DO NOT open app.

  
Extract the OBB file to /SDCARD/Android/obb/com.ironhidegames.android.kingdomrushfrontiers . Ensure that the OBB file ( main.1670013107.com.ironhidegames.android.kingdomrushfrontiers.obb ) sits within the com.ironhidegames.android.kingdomrushfrontiers folder.

  
Start the game again. Enjoy!




Download Kingdom Rush Frontiers latest 5.8.02 Android APK


Any Android devices that use Android 4.2 and up are able to download and install this game. You can start by going to Apkdone.com and look for the keyword “Kingdom Rush Frontiers APK” in the games category.
