Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=1562272



Kiwi Browser


Kiwi Browser is an Android browser that allows you to surf the internet at extra high speed without consuming too much memory on your device. Thanks to its lightweight interface and the fact that it was developed using Chromium and WebKit, it'll only take a few seconds to load the content that interests you the most.


One of the outstanding aspects of Kiwi Browser is that it lets you add a large number of extensions that other internet browsers for smartphones simply do not support. For example, you'll get to install a number of different ad blockers and get the possibility to install grid view on Google Meet.


Kiwi Browser also features an acclaimed night mode that makes your interface display in darker shades close to black. And it comes with an added layer of protection against a number of different threats. You can also manage and select the sites you want displayed on your home screen.


Kiwi Browser allows you to visit a number of different websites comfortably from your smartphone. Plus, you'll gain extra speed when it comes to file downloads.


Requirements (Latest version)


Frequent questions


What is Kiwi Browser?


Kiwi Browser is a light web browser based on Chromium. It has a default dark mode, as well as the ability to add extensions and use the built-in translator.


Is Kiwi Browser safe to use?


Yes. Kiwi Browser is completely safe to use, since it is based on Chromium, just like Google Chrome. It is also open-source, so any user can check its code and see that it is completely trustworthy.


What happened to the Kiwi Browser browser?


Kiwi Browser was removed from the Google Play Store in May 2019 for "inappropriate use of the device and network". However, Google corrected this and allowed the app to be downloaded again.


How can I use extensions on Kiwi Browser?


To use extensions on Kiwi Browser, simply download the files and add them to the app. To get the files, you can download them from the Chrome extension store or from other sources.


More information


Releases: kiwibrowser/android


This version improves stability and add 2 new functionalities, in Main Menu, Settings, Accessibility:



  
Always Desktop. 
Useful if you are a tablet user, and you prefer Desktop version of websites.

  
Toolbar always on screen 
If you have a large screen, and want to keep the address bar always handy without having to scroll.




The toolbar is always on by default if you have Accessibility services. You can change that using this option.


158-1.apk - Stable: compatible 32-bits & 64-bits (all ARM devices) 
159-1.apk - Stable: compatible 64-bits 
other APKs: Dev builds


Kiwi Browser - Release Mirror


This version contains new speed optimizations and fixes minor issues.


The support of shortcuts (special keywords with the exclamation mark symbol) is now extended to all countries and to all search engines. Type: !bangs in the address bar to learn more.



  
Fix: Reverse image search and certain cases where the browser was showing "(f).txt".

  
Fix: Keyboard buttons (example: on Android TV, or hardware arrow buttons).

  
Updated interface when you have > 100 tabs open. 
Translations updated in 10+ languages.

  
(New) This version improves stability on Adreno GPUs (Galaxy S8/S9+)




142-1.apk - Stable: compatible 32-bits & 64-bits (all ARM devices) 
143-1.apk - Stable: compatible 64-bits 
other APKs: Dev builds


Kiwi Browser - Release Impala


Kiwi releases are back! We're almost half a million active users.


This version includes fixes (Google Translate language detection, images on the new tab page) and minor changes.


Added support for bangs (shortcuts in the address bar starting with !) in 'US', 'CA', 'GB', 'UK', 'FR', 'DE', 'ES', 'IT', 'IN', 'BR'. 
Type !bangs in your address bar to learn more about it (only if you use "Default search" in Settings).


Better support for foldable phones.


The project is growing but there is so many things to do and fixes and ideas :) if you are interested to contribute, feel free to reach out on Discord, as I'd like to conduct some experiment to onboard contributors to work with the code of Kiwi ;) (yep)


Keep sharing Kiwi with your friends and stay the best!


Sync is still in the works ;)


122-1.apk - Stable: compatible 32-bits & 64-bits (all ARM devices) 
123-1.apk - Stable: compatible 64-bits 
other APKs: Dev builds
