Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=4905593



Kung Fu Do Fighting


Short, pixelated fights reminiscent of Street Fighter


Latest version


Kung Fu Do Fighting is a 2D fighting game where you choose from five different characters, each with their own special abilities, strengths, and weaknesses.


Kung Fu Do Fighting has two different game modes: tournament mode and survival mode. In the first, you face the rest of the fighters in two-round fights. In survival mode, on the other hand, you have to fight the other fighters relentlessly, until your character's life bar reaches zero.


The gameplay is specially designed for Android devices, so it's easy to use special attacks and abilities. Of course, you still need to practice before you can master the game.


Kung Fu Do Fighting is a 2D fighting game with good pixelated graphics and a perfect gameplay for Androids. As an added plus, the game doesn't take up very much space on your device's memory.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information


Kung Fu Do Fighting


Peleítas pixeladas que recuerdan al clásico Street Fighter


Última versión


Kung Fu Do Fighting es un juego de lucha en dos dimensiones en el que los jugadores podrán escoger entre cinco personajes diferentes, cada uno de ellos con sus propias habilidades especiales, puntos débiles y puntos fuertes.


Kung Fu Do Fighting cuenta con dos modalidades de juego diferentes: el modo torneo y el modo supervivencia. En el primero podremos enfrentarnos al resto de luchadores en combates a dos rounds. En el modo supervivencia, sin embargo, tendremos que combatir contra el resto de luchadores sin descanso, hasta que la barra de vida de nuestro personaje llegue a cero.


El sistema de control del juego ha sido especialmente diseñado para terminales Android, de manera que resultará muy sencillo llevar a cabo todos los ataques especiales y habilidades. Eso sí, dominar el estilo de juego no es nada sencillo, por lo que necesitaremos tener bastante práctica.


Kung Fu Do Fighting es un juego de peleas en dos dimensiones, que cuenta con un apartado gráfico pixelado muy bueno, y un sistema de juego perfecto para terminales Android. Además, el juego no ocupa mucho espacio en la memoria del terminal.


Requisitos (Última versión)


Más información

 Nombre de paquete com.wagame.ChiKuneDoLite  Licencia Gratis  Sistema operativo Android    Categoría Arcade  Idioma Español

kung fu


While every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. Please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions.


Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.


While every effort has been made to follow citation style rules, there may be some discrepancies. Please refer to the appropriate style manual or other sources if you have any questions.


Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.


Encyclopaedia Britannica's editors oversee subject areas in which they have extensive knowledge, whether from years of experience gained by working on that content or via study for an advanced degree. They write new content and verify and edit content received from contributors.


 kung fu, (Chinese [Wade-Giles romanization]: “skill” ) , Pinyin gongfu, a martial art, both a form of exercise with a spiritual dimension stemming from concentration and self-discipline and a primarily unarmed mode of personal combat often equated with karate or tae kwon do. The term kung fu can also signify careful preparation for the performance of any skillful endeavour without interference from the intellect or emotions.


As martial art, kung fu can be traced to the Zhou dynasty (1111–255 bc ) and even earlier. As exercise it was practiced by the Daoists in the 5th century bc . Its prescribed stances and actions are based on keen observations of human skeletal and muscular anatomy and physiology, and it employs great muscular coordination. The various movements in kung fu, most of which are imitations of the fighting styles of animals, are initiated from one of five basic foot positions: normal upright posture and the four stances called dragon, frog, horse riding, and snake. There are hundreds of styles of kung fu, and armed as well as unarmed techniques have been developed. In the latter half of the 20th century a new genre of action films centred on kung fu techniques and philosophies emerged and helped to promote international interest in the art. See also martial art.


The Editors of Encyclopaedia Britannica This article was most recently revised and updated by Adam Augustyn.
