Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9011167



Lightsail VPN 4+


Download Lightsail VPN to enjoy fast, private, and secure internet in an instant. That’s an easy-to-use VPN app for iPhone, trusted by millions of users worldwide.


Why do you choose Lightsail VPN?


- Accessing social networks, do not wait for loading anymore


- Get the super-fast game speed, the best VPN for iOS unlimited streaming, gaming


- Watch popular TV, movies and live sports faster and smoother


- Keep you anonymity while browsing


How to protect personal information from being leaked by public WIFI and hotspot networks?


VPN encryption, privacy protection on public WIFI.


All traffic (UDP / TCP) is encrypted when Lightsail VPN is running.


Really anonymous browsing can completely prevent information leakage.


If you're looking for solutions to browse anonymously and protect your privacy, Lightsail VPN is the perfect choice of security VPN free app. Lightsail VPN is confident to bring strong protection for your personal data when surfing the Internet wherever you are. With friendly interface and useful functions, the VPN private internet access application has satisfied millions of global users.


Privacy Policy: https://nextgenltd.net/privacy.html
Terms of Service: https://nextgenltd.net/term.html


Support
Need support? Need to leave a feedback? Suggestions? Reach us by sending an email to: contact@nextgenltd.net!


LightSail VPN MOD APK 2.0.18558 (Premium Unlocked)


The description of LightSail VPN MOD APK 2.0.18558 (Premium Unlocked)


Explore this Article


Nowadays, the Internet is filled with censorship and geo-restricted content, which prevent people from accessing much of the online content that they were supposed to. Hence, if you’re looking for a way to get around these barriers, it’s now possible for mobile users to work with VPN services, which were designed to bypass any restrictions and completely unblock their Internet connections. Plus, you can also enjoy guaranteed anonymity while browsing the Internet with VPN enabled.


Hence, for those of you who are interested in the services and would like to have this feature available with your own network, then this useful application of LightSail VPN is certainly a great tool to make use of. Now, you can simply install the app and enable the VPN connection on your mobile devices, thus allowing yourself to enjoy complete privacy and anonymity while online.


Learn more about this interesting application and all of its amazing features with our in-depth reviews of LightSail VPN.


What does it do?


With LightSail VPN, Android users will have themselves a simple VPN tool on their mobile devices, which will allow them to comfortably browse the Internet without getting blocked by geo-restricted services, since you’ll be online with fake IPs. Plus, by providing the tunnel connection mechanisms, your networking activities will be impossible to track. So you’re completely free from trackers and hackers who are trying to collect your data.


Enjoy working with the unlimited VPN service in LightSail VPN, which provides impressive connection speed compared to other apps. Unlock super-fast connection speed, which is really important when playing games in foreign servers. Enjoy bypassing all the firewalls and blocked content by your network providers. Enjoy complete privacy with no DNS leaks, no logs policies, IP hider, and many useful tools in the mobile app. All of which should allow mobile users to make the most of the VPN tool.


Requirements


For those of you who are interested, you can now enjoy working with the free application of LightSail VPN, which you can easily pick up from the Play Store. Here, there will be many features that you can immediately work with. But since it’s still a freemium app, there will be ads and in-app purchases which you need to pay to unlock.


And to ensure the stability and compatibility of the app on your devices, it’s important to have LightSail VPN updated to the latest firmware versions possible. Also, don’t forget to always provide the app with all the required access permissions. In this case, it’s mostly the internet access.


Awesome features


Here are all the exciting features that the app has to offer:


Simple and easy to use


Right off the bat, Android users can immediately enjoy the convenient VPN application, thanks to it being extremely easy to use. Here, there is no need to make any registrations, since you only need to enter the app and select the one-tap Connect button to start connecting. There is no need to configure the network, since LightSail VPN will automatically look for the most optimized proxy servers. With more than 200 proxy servers across 20 different regions of the world, Android users will always find themselves having no issues with the app. Plus, the simple design and clean UI will make it super easy for new users to experience the app.


Enjoy the fast and unlimited VPN service


And thanks to the completely free and unlimited VPN services, LightSail VPN users are allowed to stay connected to their anonymous network for as long as needed. Plus, it also offers decent speed and bandwidth to make sure that your connection speed isn’t affected when using the service. As a result, you won’t find yourself having any troubles working with the VPN app.


Have access to blocked content from the Internet


With LightSail VPN enabled, Android users will find it super easy to access blocked content from the Internet. Here, you can finally enjoy online services that are either unavailable in your country or being blocked by your Internet providers. Thus, allowing you to access the completely opened Internet. Plus, you can also stay completely anonymous when browsing the Internet and be able to access the deep webs.


Smart game booster for online games


For those of you who are interested in playing online games, you can now choose to speed up the in-game performances by using the Game Booster feature in LightSail VPN. With this, the app will actively work to boost your connection speed and stability. Thus, allowing you to play games with stable pings.


Protect your privacy and anonymity


In addition, with LightSail VPN enabled, you can now enjoy complete anonymity and privacy while browsing the Internet. Now, you can easily hide your real IP addresses and enjoy encrypted Internet traffic, which will prevent others from tracking your activities and exploiting your personal data.


With the Hide my IP feature, the app lets you bypass the firewall and disguise your connection with a fake IP. Also, by featuring no DNS leaks, LightSail VPN will make sure that all your DNS queries will not leak or be followed by ISP. And the No Logs policy from LightSail VPN will make sure that your privacy is guaranteed by the dev team themselves.


And when connected to public Wi-Fi networks, the useful Hotspot Shield will make sure that all your important data is encrypted and protected from anonymous access. Thus, preventing any information leakage.


Enjoy the free and unlocked version of the app on our website


And last but not least, for those of you who are interested in the awesome mobile app but don’t wish to pay for the in-app purchases, you can now choose to go for the modded version of LightSail VPN MOD APK on our website instead. Here, we offer the premium unlocked app with removed ads, disabled app analytics and trackers, together with removed unwanted files and permission. Plus, the ultra-lite application is also fully optimized to enable quick responses. All of which will guarantee your complete anonymity and comfort whilst using it.


Final verdicts


Together with Fast VPN and Hola VPN, Android users will now have themselves the perfect mobile app for enjoying a completely unblocked and private Internet connection. Plus, by featuring many useful features, the app will provide many interesting implementations instead of just allowing you to enjoy your protected Internet connection. And most importantly, with the ad-free and unlocked version of the app on our website, you can now make the most of its features without having to pay anything.
