Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9630195



Cat Capsule


Cat Capsule (or Gacha (ガチャ) in the Japanese Version) is an area where the player can spend Cat Tickets, Rare Cat Tickets, Lucky Tickets and Cat Food to obtain Cat Units and Ability Capsules. The rewards earned are then either immediately used, immediately exchanged for XP/NP, saved in the Cat Storage to be used later, and some can even be exchanged to get a Rare Ticket!


Contents



  
1 Normal Cat Capsule

  
2 Cat Capsules+

  
3 Rare Cat Capsule

  
3.1 Regular Gacha

  
3.2 Collaboration Cats

  
3.3 Limited Gacha

  
3.4 Cost of the Rare Cat Capsule



  
6.1 Lucky Ticket Events

  
6.2 Lucky Capsule Rewards



  
7.1 Lucky Ticket G Events

  
7.2 Lucky Capsule G Rewards




Normal Cat Capsule


Normal Cat Capsule Banner


Each day, the player gets 1 Cat Ticket. As a login bonus these Tickets can be used at any time to roll the Cat Capsule (also known as the Normal Cat Capsule). After rolling the Normal Cat Capsule, the player will get an upgrade (either any of the Normal Cats or an Ability Capsule - a blue orb with a symbol depicting which Base Upgrade it will affect). Receiving a Cat Unit will allow the player to upgrade the collected Normal Cat's level by one. Unlike the normal unit level, the Tickets will add a level that can surpass 20. This leads to units such as Mohawk Cat and Eraser Cat having massive potential power. Receiving an Ability Capsule will allow the player to increase the base upgrade of the symbol on the orb by one. These upgrades are the only way for the Normal Cats to pass the level cap of 20, but the base upgrades cannot exceed the total level of 30 and the maximum level cap for Normal Cats is fixed by the player's User Rank.


Cat Tickets can also be obtained through timed stages or by chance when completing a Cat Ticket Stage. Sometimes, Cat Tickets can be obtained as Stamp Rewards during special events.


The player can exchange both Ability Capsules and Cat Units for XP. Ability Capsules can be exchanged for 5,000 XP, while Normal Cats can be exchanged for 1 NP or different amounts of XP depending on the unit traded. (For example, a Cat can be exchanged for 10,000 XP, while a Titan Cat can be exchanged for 25,000 XP.) In both instances, it is considered far better to use the Cat Unit and the Ability Capsules to power up the player. 25k XP is pitiful in the long run, while the player could greatly improve the power of some useful units.


If any base ability has already reached maximum, a total level of (20+10)=30, the player can then exchange each excess Ability Capsule for a count of one towards the total number of five Ability Capsules required to obtain one Rare Cat Ticket.


Occasionally there are also Item Capsule Events which allow an alternative set of rewards for basic cat capsule. Item Capsules contain various items & XP tokens, which replace cat unit and catbase tokens. For info on all of the different types of Item Capsules, see here.


Cat Capsules+


An addition added in the Version 11.0 Update and released in the Version 11.1 Update. The upgrade to the regular Cat Capsule can be obtained after beating Even Stars Burn Out of Cats of the Cosmos. The Normal Cat Capsule will be upgraded to a Cat Capsule+ which makes all the cat units obtained from it sell for 2 NP rather than 1 and adds a new basic cat (Superfeline) to the pool as well as increasing the 64 storage limit to 128, similar to the Catfruit storage prior to the Version 11.4 update.


Rare Cat Capsule


Regular Gacha


From time to time, the player can get a Rare Cat Ticket (or Gold Ticket in the Japanese version), by purchasing it with Cat Food, clearing certain stages, trading 5 Ability Capsules or as Stamp Rewards. These tickets can be used at any time to roll the Rare Cat Capsule. After rolling the Rare Cat Capsule, the player will get a Gacha Cat (Rare, Super Rare, Uber Rare or Legend Rare Cats). Most of the time, the rarity of the Cat fixes their interval of cost (Uber Rare Cats' cost is usually over 3000¢, for example) and their power (you expect an Uber Rare Cat to be stronger than a Rare Cat). Thus, Uber Rare Cats and Legend Rare Cats are more desirable, but are usually not a direct replacement for more common units.


It is important to understand that the Rare Cat Capsule roll-result sequence is predetermined by an account-specific seed, this seed then determines the roll-result sequence, which can be gamed to some extent by waiting for various Gacha events to appear before rolling. That helps in obtaining a desired Uber Rare Cat in a shorter time (fewer rolls) by filling the next preset Uber Super Rare roll-result slot with one from the available pool of Gacha Event Uber Rare Cats. The roll-result sequence (or ladder) itself is however preset and cannot be manipulated.


Gacha events advertising a boosted drop rate i.e. 'increased chance' of obtaining Uber Super Rare Cats will displace what would otherwise be a non-Uber Super Rare Cat roll-result at a preset positions in the ladder with an Uber Super Rare Cat from the event. This doesn't affect the subsequent roll-result sequence, until the next displacement and so on.


The only other way to alter the already preset roll-result sequence, and therefore 'chance' to obtain an Uber Rare Cat is to make extensive use of a Guaranteed Uber Rare Cat Campaign within the desired Gacha event. Patience is a virtue.


Note: Saving Rare Cat Tickets does NOT provide an option for 11-capsule draws. 


The Uber Rare Cats and Legend Rare Cats that one can get are fixed on a schedule. Usually, the pool of Uber/Legend Rare Cats changes every two days. Before playing the Rare Cat Capsule, the player can see the actual pool. From time to time, additional Super Rare Cats are added.


If the player gets a Gacha Cat they already have, they can use it as an upgrade for the same cat. This is the only way to pass the maximum level cap (using only XP) of Level 30 (alongside using Catseyes up to level 50). Almost as much as with Normal Cats, using the extra copies of cats is a far better option than exchanging them for XP.


However, the first time the player gets these cats they should be used, as each is included in a Cat Combo and will reward 5 Cat Food as a new addition when checked in the Cat Guide.


Collaboration Cats


During some Collaboration Events, the player is given the option to roll another pool, filled with new Cats inspired by the collaboration. This pool may have only Collaboration Cats or possibly a combination of Collaboration Cats and regular Gacha cats. The Collaboration Gacha was introduced during the Monster Hunter Collaboration Event in the Japanese Version, and the Survive! Mola Mola! Collaboration Events in the English Version.


Limited Gacha


This Gacha follows the same rules as a Collaboration Gacha. These pools tend to contain regular Uber Rare Cats with a new appearance, a new ability and sometimes new stats. Examples are the Holiday events, such as Gals of Summer and Halloween Capsules, and Girls & Monsters, which includes characters from GirlsMons and Kyoutou Project.


Cost of the Rare Cat Capsule


Note: You can only purchase instant draws. Thus, you cannot purchase a discounted 11-capsule draw then save it for another pool. If you already have Rare Cat Tickets, you have to use them before purchasing single draws. 



  
Normal: 150 Cat Food

  
First Time Offer: 30 Cat Food

  
Discounted Offer: 120 Cat Food



  
Normal: 1500 Cat Food

  
First Time Offer: 750 Cat Food

  
Discounted Offer: 1200 Cat Food




During every Gacha event except UBERFEST, EPICFEST, and SUPERFEST, a Guaranteed Uber Rare Cat Campaign may be held, in which a Uber Rare Cat is guaranteed when doing an 11-capsule draw. The guaranteed Uber will always replace the 11th unit.


During the Red Busters, Air Busters, Metal Busters, Wave Busters and Colossus Busters events, a Step Up option with three steps appears.



  
Step 1: 300 Cat Food for 3 draws.

  
Step 2: 750 Cat Food for 5 draws, plus a 1 million XP bonuses.

  
Step 3: 1050 Cat Food for 7 draws, plus a 1 million XP bonuses. In addition, the 7th unit is guaranteed to be an Uber Rare Cat.




After purchasing a Step 3 spin, or after 30 minutes have passed after purchasing a Step 1 spin, the current Step will revert to 1.


Platinum Capsule


The Platinum Capsule is an uncommon type of Cat Capsule that will appear whenever you have a Platinum ticket or shard. It requires Platinum Tickets to spin, which can be obtained with real money or as special rewards. This capsule will always drop Uber Rare Cats. Only one may be purchased per appearance, though there is no limit to how many a player can hold.


Collaboration Event Capsule


Aside from the regular and rare Cat Capsule, there are limited collaboration capsules that arrive during certain collaborations, most notably Monster Hunter, Nebaaru-kun and Nyanpazuru and the most recent, Bikkuriman.


These limited collaboration gachas have a chance to drop items from the regular Lucky Capsule as well as units from said collaborations.


Lucky ticket g battle cats


Time to celebrate Four Years of Battle Cats awesomeness! 
Tons of special events, sales, and challenges for you to enjoy! 
On between September 17th (11am) and October 1st (11:59pm)!


● An exclusive hero, only for The Battle Cats English version! 
Collect a unique Uber Rare Cat, only available during this celebration campaign in the Best of the Best Rare Capsule Set!


● Platinum Tickets on sale! 
Between September 17 (11:00am) and September 22 (11:59pm) , pick up tickets to use at the Platinum Capsules! 
Each ticket used will give you a 100% chance of drawing an Uber Rare Cat! 
This rare offer will only be here for a short time, so don't miss out! 
※Each user will only be able to purchase one Platinum Ticket during this campaign. 
※If Platinum Tickets do not appear, please update to the most recent version of The Battle Cats and reboot the app. 
※Seasonal Event Cats, Collab Event Cats, and Girls & Monsters Cats are not available from this Platinum Capsule set. 
 
● Everyone gets a First-Time Rare Draw Discount! 
Starting 9/21 , all players will receive a discount on their first try at a Rare Capsule draw! 
One Single Draw will cost just 30 Cat Food instead of the normal 150 Cat Food! 
One 11-Capsule Draw will cost just 750 Cat Food instead of the normal 1500 Cat Food! 
※ If this offer does not appear, please update to the most recent version of The Battle Cats and reboot the app. 
● Half-Off Cat Food costs to unlock Special Cats! 
Build up your army by recruiting the Special Cats! 
Only during the event times below, you can unlock non-event Special Cats at the Upgrade Menu for 50% of the normal cost! 
Special Cat Sale #1：September 21st (11am) thru 24th (10:59am) 
Special Cat Sale #2：September 28th (11am) thru October 1st (10:59am) 
 
Don't miss this chance to complete your Cat collection!


● English Version Only Special Stages! 
・Head to the Birthday Present ! map for a special Score Stage challenge! Max out your score to collect tons of tickets and other awesome rewards! 
・Take on the limited edition stage Minced Meet-Up , and collect the English version-only unit Catburger ! 
Then visit Stories of Legend/Event Stages during this event to take on the limited awakening stage "Catburger Awakens!" for a chance to claim the power of Catburger's third form ! 
※ Upgrade Catburger to level 20 to reveal the Evolve option in the Upgrade screen! 
※ If you have not collected Catburger, you can still collect its third form as a drop reward and use it once you meet the Evolve conditions. 
 
● Catamin/Catfruit Limited Capsule Events! 
At the Capsule Menu, tap the buttons at top left to switch between standard Capsule events and the Catfruit Limited Capsules & Catseye Limited Capsules ! 
Speed up your Gamatoto! Power up your Cats! Don't miss out on these cool items! 
・ Catfruit Limited Capsules : September 17th (11am) thru 24th (10:59am) 
・ Catseye Limited Capsules : September 24th (11am) thru October 1st (10:59am) 
※The Catfruit Limited Capsules provide Catfruit and XP rewards, while Catseye Limited Capsules will provide Catseyes and XP! 
※Catfruit Limited Capsules will appear after Empire of Cats Ch. 3 is completed in The Battle Cats, while Catseye Limited Capsules appear after User Rank 1600 is reached! 
 
●Limited GAMATOTO Expedition Areas 
Only during this event, you can send your Gamatoto adventurer to the limited areas Cats Eye Cave and XP Harvest for a special set of Cats Eye rewards! 
Get as many Cats Eyes as you can and help your units break through to even higher levels! 
Don't miss this special chance! 
・ XP Harvest : September 15th (11am) thru 24th (10:59am) 
・ Cats Eye Cave : September 24th (11am) thru October 1st (10:59am)


● Builder's Blitz! 
Build up your Cat Base with the Ototo Corps by collecting materials at these special stages! 
Get building materials at the Special Stages Cavern of Comets, Island of Ash, Strait of Wings, appearing at the times below! 
2:00pm ～ 4:00pm 6:00pm ～ 8:00pm


Take on these challenges each day and build up your building stockpiles! 
※ Cavern of Comets provides Bricks and Meteorites. 
※ Island of Ash provides Coal and Beast Bones. 
※ Strait of Wings provides Feathers, Gears, and Gold. 
※ Stages appear after Empire of Cats Ch. 1 has been cleared. 
 
● Treasure Festivals 
Everyday from 12:00pm to 11:59pm during this event, double your chance to pick up treasure in Battle Cats story modes! 
On even days (9/18, 9/20, 9/22, 9/24, 9/26, 9/28, 9/30) challenge Empire of Cats for this benefit, and on odd days (9/17, 9/19, 9/21, 9/23, 9/25, 9/27, 9/29) take on Into the Future for extra-high drop rates!


●Half-off energy for Empire of Cats, Into the Future, and Stories of Legend! 
Every day from 18:00am～22:00am , stages from Empire of Cats , Into the Future , or Stories of Legend stages will be available at half the energy cost! 
Check out the dates below to see when you can double your Battle Cats fun! 
・Empire of Cats: 9/17, 9/20, 9/23, 9/26, 9/29 
・Into the Future: 9/18, 9/21, 9/24, 9/27, 9/30 
・Stories of Legend: 9/19, 9/22, 9/25, 9/28


Don't miss this awesome opportunity to clear tons of stages! 
※ Clear Empire of Cats Ch. 1 to receive this Half-Off Energy benefit. 
※ If this event does not appear, please update to the most recent version of The Battle Cats and reboot the app. 
 
●Awesome Rewards Everyday! 
Between September 17th and 24th , every day you visit the Cat Base you will be rewarded with a 30 Cat Food present! 
Then, between September 25th and October 1st event-only login stamps will unlock more rewards for each day you visit the Cat Base! 
Play every day and don't miss out on these free gifts! 


Dark Heroes Rare Cat Capsule Event


Event Information


The “Dark Heroes” , saviors of Earth, have appeared to fight back against alien domination! 
Between September 17th (11:00am~) and September 19th (~10:59am) , you will be able to collect the members of this elite squad of Uber Rare superheroes from the Rare Capsule Machine in the Battle Cats app.


Wielding strange powers, the Dark Heroes set out to avenge the subjugated creatures of Earth: 
・ Akira – An boy genius whose attacks can stop Aliens in their tracks! 
・ Catman – Alter-ego of a famous actor whose strikes deal massive damage against Alien and Floating enemies! 
・ Mekako Saionji – Her robot companion stands strong against Black and Alien attacks, and can even absorb one lethal blow! 
・ The White Rabbit – 100% chance to slow Red and Alien enemies! 
・ Warlock & Pierre – HUGE damage only to Aliens, Floating, and enemy bases. 
・ Hayabusa – Long-distance attacks with mighty criticals! 
・ Detective Vigler – Blast enemies with wave attacks that freeze Floating and Aliens!


And once they evolve, they grow even stronger: 
・ Shadow Akira – The more damage he takes, the stronger he grows! 
・ Dark Catman – Deals massive damage against Aliens and Angels! 
・ Dr. Mekako – Plasma cannons can send Aliens flying and weaken their attacks! 
・ The Black Cat – Massive damage to Red and Alien enemies! 
・ Dark Merchant Babil – HUGE damage only to Angels, Aliens, and enemy bases, collects big money for every enemy defeated! 
・ Oni Hayabusa – Long-distance attacks that knockback and slow Aliens! 
・ Inspector Gabriel – Blast enemies with wave attacks that freeze Zombies and Aliens!


These new powers are super effective against the new challenges found in Into The Future – collect them all and topple even the mightiest extraterrestrial invader! 


Summer in Catland


Event Information


Finish off the summer right with the Battle Cats! The Summer Festival is BACK for a limited time! 
September 10th (11am) through 24th (11am)!


● Limited Edition Summer Rare Capsules 
The Gals of Summer hit the beach! 
Galaxy Gals and other Cat cuties are heading to the seaside for this special Gals of Summer set, with the all new Uber Waverider Kuu joining the team! 
Visit the Rare Capsules during this event for a chance to pick up these cool seasonal Cats!


・Waverider Kuu (Uber Rare) New! 
Super effective against Zombies & Floating (Area Attack) 
・Seashore Kai (Uber Rare) 
Tough against Black & Zombies (Area Attack) 
・Tropical Kalisa (Uber Rare) 
Massive damage vs Red enemies (Area Attack) 
・Midsummer Rabbit (Uber Rare) 
Slows Angels & Black enemies (Area Attack) 
・Sunny Neneko (Uber Rare) 
100% Critical Attack chance!


● Limited Summer Stages 
Time to get your groove on and partyyyyy. Summer stages are back and ready for you to take them on! 
First, visit Stories of Legend/Event Stages to take on Summer Diary ! 
Clearing any stage in this map will give you a small chance to pick up the Rare character Awa Odori Cat for your Cat Army! 
Later stages will give you a better chance of collecting this special unit, but you can also use a Treasure Radar for a 100% chance of getting it! 
※Visit the Rare Cats section of the Upgrade screen to activate Awa Odori Cat after you collect it! 
Plus, check out the seasonal stage Summer Lesson ! 
Limited challenges await you in this exciting special stage! 
Any stage in this map will grant you Lucky Tickets on clear, good for awesome rewards in the Lucky Capsules only available during the Summer Festival! 
Later stages will offer even more Lucky Tickets upon victory! 
※ If you cannot see the Summer Lesson/Summer Diary stages, ensure that your app is updated to the most recent version. 
● Lucky Capsules! 
Get special Cats, items, and XP packs from these limited edition capsules! 
Check out the Lucky Capsules section on the Cat Base menu to use your collected Lucky Tickets from the Midas Touch event! 
Plus, get a bonus Lucky Ticket along with any Rare Capsule draw! 
※Any single Rare Capsule draw will grant you one extra Lucky Ticket, while an 11-Capsule Draw will reward you with a bonus 11 Lucky Tickets! 
※Once the Lucky Capsule event is over on January 9th, you will be unable to use your remaining Lucky Tickets or exchange them for items, etc. Be aware and use them soon after getting them! 
※Update to the most recent version of the Battle Cats to access this feature! 
 
●Half-off energy for Stories of Legend stages! 
Conquer the ultimate Battle Cats challenge in the Stories of Legend! 
During the times below, all yellow Stories of Legendstages will cost just half their normal energyrequirement! 
・8:00am～9:59am 
・12:00pm～1:59pm 
・4:00pm～5:59pm 
 
Don't miss this awesome opportunity to clear tons of Stories of Legend stages! 
※ Clear Empire of Cats Ch. 1 to access the Stories of Legend. 
※ This half-off energy event does not apply to Special Stages and Collaboration Stages. 
 
● Special Missions in the Catnip Challenges! 
Collect limited-time mission rewards by completing Summer Stages! 
Once you've met the requirements, head to the Catnip Challenges and accept your prizes! 
※These Special missions can only be completed until September 1st at 11:00am, so don't forget to claim your rewards before then! 
 
● Limited GAMATOTO Expedition Areas 
Only during this event, you can send your Gamatoto adventurer to the limited areas Cats Eye Cave and XP Harvest for a special set of Cats Eye rewards! 
Get as many Cats Eyes as you can and help your units break through to even higher levels!


・XP Harvest (3 Areas) 
September 10th (11:00) thru 19th (10:59) 
・Cats Eye Cave 
September 19th (11:00) thru 24th (10:59)


Don't miss this special chance!


● Login daily for awesome item and Rare Ticket rewards! 
Collect a login stamp the first time you visit the Cat Base each day! 
During this event, collect cool rewards along with each Login Stamp you receive! Don't forget to visit the app each day or you'll miss out! 
※ A total of 14 Login Stamps are available. 


Limited Event: "Ghostly Strangers"


Event Information


The continued story of Ghostly Houseguests appears in The Battle Cats Legend Stages. 
"Eternal rest?! More like eternal BOREDOM!"


A flood of ghouls and specters escapes the afterlife and is headed straight for the Cat Empire! Can your Cat Army stop them before they decide to become your permanent roommates? 
Head to Legend Stages during this event to take on the new Special Stage map "Ghostly Strangers" But be careful! The new enemy Le'Saint has arrived to take back those unruly phantoms, and he doesn't seem to care if he takes out a few Cats in the process! 
Available September 10th (11:00am) thru 19th (10:59am)!


Clear the stage to earn a new class of Lucky Tickets, the coveted "Lucky Tickets G"! Head to the normal capsule and choose the Lucky Capsules G mode to use your rewards and pick up tons of XP and valuable special items! Later stages in Never Not Summer! will have a higher drop rate for more ticket rewards at once! 
※Ghostly Strangers is available once Empire of Cats Ch 3 has been cleared. 
※If stages for this event does not appear, please update your Battle Cats app to the most recent version and restart the app. 
 
●Lucky Tickets G! 
Use rewards from "Ghostly Strangers" to earn Catamins and XP packs from a new normal capsule option! 
Tap the button at the top of the Cat Capsules menu to select the Lucky Capsules G option and draw using your Lucky Tickets G ! 
※Lucky Tickets G cannot be used once this event is finished, and all leftover tickets will disappear. Draw soon after collecting the tickets! Be aware that leftover Lucky Tickets G cannot be traded for other items. 
※If the Lucky Capsules G option does not appear in the Cat Capsules, please update your Battle Cats app to the most recent version and restart the app. 


Old Guys About Town September Event


Event Information


During this event, access the "Old Guys About Town" stages by visiting the "Stories of Legend" game mode! 
New and unknown enemies await you! There might even be something interesting at the end of the quest! 
This event starts the 1st of September (9/1/2018) and continues until the 1st of October (10/1/2018)


Finish the stage and get a chance to obtain the event-exclusive Kung Fu Cat X !


Obtaining the Exclusive Cats


You can find Kung Fu Cat X when you clear the event stages! Your chances will increase greatly if you play the more difficult stages!


You have a 100% chance to get it if you also use the Treasure Radar item !


The Treasure Radar can be found at the Item Shop ! Grab it anytime!


* After you have picked up Kung Fu Cat X, you can find it under Rare Cats in the Upgrade screen.


Awakened Assault!!


Event Information


Here's your chance to unleash the True power of Special & Monthly Cats! 
This time, the Awakened stage for the September Monthly Unit "Kung Fu Cat X" is ready to appear!


Select Stories of Legend/Event Stages on the Battle Cats title menu and select Start!! at the Cat Base to access Awakened stage! 
Clear the first stage on this map for a small chance to unlock Special & Monthly Cat's True Form, but you can also clear the second, much tougher stage for a 100% chance to unlock the True Form!


※Cats must reach level 20 before their True Form can be revealed. 
※If you do not have the Cat Unit for a True Form you have unlocked, it will become available to pick up once you have acquired that Cat and upgraded it to level 20. 
※At present, only Special Cats and selected monthly Cats have True Forms available. Stay tuned for additional Monthly True Forms to come! 
