Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=5197977



Download ZenMate Free VPN 
on Chrome


From the moment you start up ZenMate VPN, you're completely shielded against hackers, governments or nosy ISPs.


No Logs Policy


We never record our users activity or keep any logs. Our 100% zero-logs policy means nobody can tell what you're doing online.


Military-Grade Encryption


Keep all your personal information safe with ZenMate VPN's military grade encryption. We use AES-256 encryption, the military standard.


Multiple Locations


Our free ZenMate app gives you 4 server locations to connect to. Choose one and hide your digital footprint.


Hide Your IP


When you connect to one of our remote server locations, ZenMate VPN changes your IP address to one from a different country.


Dedicated Customer Support


Our 5-star customer support team is available 24/7 to answer all your VPN-related questions. Whether you need help finding the best server or how to download the app on another device, they are here to help!


Frequently Asked Questions


ZenMate VPN's free browser extension is the perfect blend between a full-on VPN service and a proxy website. Our VPN add-on works just like a normal VPN. We connect you to a server from one of our remote locations and change your IP address. And unlike most proxy sites we also protect your online identity and activity because of our strict zero-logs policy.


Proxy sites can be very dangerous. Unlike VPNs, proxy sites usually don't protect their users' identity. Proxy servers cost money to maintain. And if a proxy website isn't charging you anything chances are, they're either selling your data to advertisers or worse. Some proxy sites are set-up by cyber-criminals and hackers that can't wait to get their hands on your data.


There are not many free VPN options out there. Most of the VPN providers sell you on free VPNs by offering you a free trial period. With ZenMate VPN, you can get a free VPN service forever. Download our browser extension and you won't have to deal with any trials that run out.


HMA! Pro VPN


HMA! Pro VPN is a VPN app that lets you stay anonymous while you browse the Internet, protecting all your information from prying eyes. With just a few taps, you can hide your IP address and choose a server from more than 100 different countries.


To use HMA! Pro VPN, you'll need to buy a subscription, something that you can do directly from the app itself. So, unlike other VPN apps, you'll have to pay before you can use it.


Although the subscription requirement isn't ideal, HMA! Pro VPN makes it worth your money, given that you can mask your IP address through more than 100 different countries. Thanks to this, you can access absolutely anything you want online, even if it's restricted by region.


HMA! Pro VPN is a great VPN app with tons of interesting features and plenty of servers to choose from. And before you buy a subscription, you can make sure you like the service with a free seven-day trial.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information

 Package Name com.hidemyass.hidemyassprovpn  License Free  Op. System Android    Category General  Language English

VPN.lat


VPN.lat es una herramienta muy sencilla que te permitirá acceder a contenido bloqueado en tu región de una forma muy simple. Esta utilidad te ayudará a situar tu ubicación en otros países de manera virtual para que puedas navegar por Internet como si te encontrases en ese lugar. Así, podrás evitar las limitaciones geográficas de tu localización en segundos.


Una de las ventajas que ofrece VPN.lat es su larga lista de servidores y ubicaciones situados prácticamente en casi cualquier punto del planeta. Lo único que tendrás que hacer será elegir una de entre todas las opciones disponibles y la utilidad te dará una IP falsa ubicada en el país elegido. De esta manera, cada vez que te conectes a Internet podrás navegar libremente sin censura.


Otro de los puntos fuertes de esta aplicación es que cada uno de los países que ofrece cuenta con varios servidores diferentes. Gracias a esto tendrás la posibilidad de establecer la conexión con cualquiera de ellos y cambiar con un clic en cualquier momento. Con una lista tan larga de opciones, navegar por Internet de forma segura, rápida y sencilla nunca había resultado tan cómodo.


VPN.lat, además, no necesita ninguna configuración previa para comenzar a usarla. Con un solo clic cambiarás tu IP en segundos, dándote la libertad de navegar por páginas censuradas en tu país o contenido limitado en tu región. Disfruta de una navegación segura, rápida y sencilla con esta aplicación y no vuelvas a tener problemas visitando cualquier contenido.


Requisitos (Última versión)


Más información

 Nombre de paquete com.vpn.lat  Licencia Gratis  Sistema operativo Android    Categoría General  Idioma Español
