Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=180894



Megabox HD APK Download for Android, FireStick, iOS, PC (Latest v1.0.5)


Megabox HD APK lets you watch the latest movies and TV Shows on your mobile for free. You can download the Megabox HD App for Android, PC, and Firestick.


Are you tried spending hundreds and thousands of your hard-earned money on movies and TV show streaming apps for daily entertainment? But do you still want a break from a busy schedule and enjoy your weekend without getting out for a movie? Then you should go for a type of application that can be accessed free of cost, can be accessed anytime from anywhere, and many more such features that fulfill your requirements. One such app is the Megabox HD APK app. It is the ideal app with a wide range of movies, TV show documentaries, and much more entertaining stuff which thousand of users accessing the app.


 Direct Download 


Megabox HD APK 1.0.5 Info

  App Name MegaBox HD App    Version 1.0.5  Apk Size 2.5 MB  Android Version Requires 5.o and up  Developer MegaBoxHDOfficial.com  Category Entertainment  Updated 4th November 2019  Installs 10,000,000+  Content Rating Rated for 12+   

Features



  
Provides high resolution of videos and high-quality stuff: Megabox HD APK app offers access to high-quality things to its users. Any user can choose the quality of movie, TV show, documentary, or web series they want to enjoy according to their internet speed. There are many streaming options available with 360p, 720p, and 1080p quality of videos. Users can choose as per convenience.

  
Provides regularly updated Content: The team of Megabox HD app updates the app automatically with the latest movies and tv series so that the users never miss anything. The developers have designed the app so intuitively and in a user-friendly that once you start accessing it, there is no going back to any other application.

  
Add to calendar option is newly introduced: If any user wants to watch his/her favorite movie or tv show and have chances that he/she may forget about it, what will you do then? Then this app provides the user option to add the desired movie or show to the calendar option in which they will get a reminder and helps the users never to miss their favorite video.

  
No More Buffering to tolerate: Megabox HD APK app uses Cloud storage to put all the TV shows, movies, web series, and documentaries in one place. Users are free to access the app anytime and enjoy their favorite movies and TV shows quickly because of Best Cloud Storage without any restrictions and buffering.

  
Additional information is being provided by the app: Megabox HD APK app has an additional section where the users can review at any movie or TV show; they are going to watch. Now, you don’t need to look for ratings and reviews on IMDB. Also, you can add your own review as well.




How to Install Megabox HD on Android?


Here is the procedure of how to install this app easily on your Android devices:



  
Megabox HD APK app is currently not available on Google Play Store; that’s why you need first to allow unknown sources in your Android device to download the app. For allowing unknown sources, go to settings, and then to security options and then Click on the option to allow unknown sources.

  
The next step is to select the Download Manager or File Manager and then click on the APK file.

  
Press the Install button and be patient to get the app installed without any delay.

  
Wait for some more time to scan the APK file of Megabox in your Android device.

  
After successful scanning, you will get a new page press the Open button to launch the app.




How to Install Megabox HD on Amazon Firestick/Fire TV?


Below is the method to install the Megabox HD APK app on your Firestick or fire tv. The procedure can be followed to install the app in NVIDIA Shield, Android TV Box, etc. as well.



  
Go to Settings from the main menu.

  
Click on Device or My Fire TV.

  
Click on Developer Options and then on Apps from Unknown Sources.

  
Click on Turn On button.

  
Get yourself to the Home Screen and click on the search icon.

  
Search for Downloader in the search box and click on the Downloader app and install it.

  
Click on the Open button.

  
Click on the Allow button and then on the OK button.

  
Click on Settings in the Downloader app and then tap the box to enable JavaScript.

  
Click on Browser and wait for some seconds to download the APK file of Megabox HD.

  
Now click on the Install button.

  
Now click on the Done and then on Delete button.

  
On your Firestick remote long-press the Home button and click on Apps.

  
You can see the Megabox HD app located at the bottom.

  
Now click on you remote on the menu button, it will lead you to move option click on it, and push to the top.

  
Soon launch the app first you get a notification to access, allow it.




How to Install Megabox HD on Android Smart TV?


Following are the steps to install the Megabox HD APK app on your smart TV in a secure way:



  
Go to the Google Play store app.

  
Download & install the Puffin browser.

  
Launch the Puffin browser and after successful installation, go to the search bar.

  
After that, it will start to download automatically.

  
Nextly, return to the main menu of the Puffin browser and click on the ‘apps’ option.

  
In the apps section, click on the APK file of the Megabox HD app.

  
After a while, a new page will open, click on the Install button and wait to install.

  
Click on the open button after successful installation— the app, and enjoy your favorite movie or show.




How to Install Megabox HD for PC (Windows/Mac)?


Megabox HD APK app currently serves Android users, what it means that if you want to install the Megabox HD APK app on your Windows or Mac, you need an android emulator such as BlueStacks or Nox.



  
Search BlueStacks on your chrome or other browsers on your PC, and after getting positive results, download and install it.

  
After that, launch BlueStacks

  
Go to play store, download & install the Browser.

  
Downloading will start automatically. After completion of the process, click on the APK file, followed by the install button.

  
After successful installation, enjoy your favorite Content for free.




Frequently Asked Questions


Which devices support Megabox HD App?


Ans- Megabox HD APK app is compatible with Android devices, such as Android Smartphone, Firestick, Android Smart TV, Android TV Box, Fire TV, KODI Android BOX, NVIDIA Shield, Fire Cube, Ruko, Android Smart Watch


How can I get the Megabox HD app on my iPhone?


Ans– This app is only available for Android devices till now, but developers are working on getting the Megabox HD app on iOS devices as well.


Is the Megabox HD app safe from viruses?


Ans- Yes, the Megabox HD APK app is not affected by any virus or malware.


Do I need a VPN for Megabox HD?


Ans- Yes, as always suggested to use a VPN, while accessing any kind of third-party app as you need to guarantee your privacy and security.


Does this app stream content in HD?


Ans- Yes, the Megabox HD app serves high-quality video links, and any user can stream 720p and 1080p videos without buffering just with good internet speed.


Is Megabox HD APK app Ad-Free?


Ans- Yes, this app is free from ads and does not annoy its users by repeating the same ad again and again just to earn money as many other apps do.


Do I need to pay anything for using the Megabox HD?


Ans- Any user doesn’t have to pay anything for accessing the high-quality and latest Content on this app.


Do I need a login for accessing the Megabox HD APK?


Ans- No registration, login, or subscription is necessary for accessing any service on the Megabox.


Conclusion


Megabox HD app is one of the best Android applications that prove to be the best for movies, TV shows, web series, and many other informative and entertaining videos. Some of the best features like free lifetime access, no hustle of long registrations, latest and updated Content, and many others make this HD app more appealing and beneficial for the users.


MegaBox HD


MegaBox HD es una aplicación que nos permitirá disfrutar de cientos de películas y series de televisión desde nuestro dispositivo Android. A nuestra elección quedará si queremos descargar o ver 'streaming'. De la misma forma, también podremos elegir si queremos ver el contenido en 360p, 720p o incluso 1080p.


La interfaz de MegaBox HD es muy intuitiva. En el menú desplegable de la izquierda encontraremos acceso rápido a películas y series. Además, dentro de cada categoría podremos filtrar rápidamente por lo más popular, las últimas novedades, o lo mejor valorado. Por supuesto, también podremos utilizar la caja de búsqueda para encontrar alguna película o serie concreta.


Al pulsar sobre una película o una serie podremos ver su cartel, así como una breve descripción del contenido. En la pestaña de vídeos podremos acceder a todas las opciones disponibles, que normalmente incluyen enlaces para diferentes calidades de imagen (de 360p a 1080p). Aquí también podremos elegir si queremos reproducir en 'streaming' o descargar.


MegaBox HD es una excelente aplicación para ver películas y series. Su principal inconveniente es que el reproductor integrado en la aplicación no permite cargar subtítulos. Por suerte, la aplicación SÍ que nos permitirá reproducir cualquier contenido utilizando otra app (como MX Player o VLC, por ejemplo).


Requisitos (Última versión)


Más información

 Nombre de paquete com.dndevteam.megahd  Licencia Gratis  Sistema operativo Android    Categoría Vídeo  Idioma Español

Top 11 Best Sites Like MegaBox – Watch Movies Online


Megabox App is a new streaming service that provides customers with a vast selection of high-quality movies and television shows. One of the few streaming services that offer HD material without a subscription, the service is accessible on both computers and mobile devices. MegaBox HD has swiftly gained a following among customers who value its user-friendly design and dedication to offering high-quality video. Additionally, the service provides a wide variety of well-known and uncommon films, making it a desirable choice for cinema buffs who want to discover new films. Megabox will probably overtake Netflix, Movie HD APK, Prime, and other prominent streaming services in the coming years due to their rising popularity.


Features:


Users of the MegaBox HD App have access to a substantial collection of well-known TV series and films. As a result, whether you’re in the mood for a classic movie or the most recent episode of your favorite show, there is always something new to watch.


You have no kind of any trouble using the app because it is user-friendly. You should be able to start using the app without difficulty, even if you are unfamiliar with streaming apps.


The capability to stream high-definition content is one of the best features of Megabox HD APK 1.0.7. This implies that you can watch your preferred television shows and high-definition motion pictures.


Chromecast support:


It is among the best components of all streaming apps. With this capability, you may stream films and TV shows from your Android mobile to a TV or other compatible devices.


Free and without advertisements:


It costs nothing to download or use the app. Additionally, unlike many other streaming programs, the MegaBox apk does not display intrusive adverts while you are watching your material.


Pros:



  
Constantly updated film collection

  
permits offline use

  
tiny app size (lower than 5MB)




Cons:


Top 11 Best Sites Like MegaBox


1. Kanopy:


Finding and streaming relevant movies is simple with Kanopy, an excellent option. One of the most well-known streaming apps was created for people who wish to watch new movies daily. Its thousands of book selections include festival favorites and well-liked picks picked for their understanding of the viewpoint, culture, and beliefs of others. You may find the movies that appeal to you on Kanopy by taking advantage of the new titles added each month. You can also obtain staff selections and personalized suggestions. It provides kid-friendly programming, and parents can quickly explore entertaining and informative films for kids of all ages. It encourages healthy social and emotional development and sparks young people’s creativity, making it superior to other activities. Additional fundamental advantages of Kanopy are its simplicity and ease of use, regular updates, recommendations, push notifications, various packages, ratings, place comments, and several categories. In comparison to other streaming apps, Kanopy is excellent.


2. Tubi TV:


The most OK app for smartphone users to view free movies and TV series is Tubi TV. The best site for free movie streaming and downloads is this one. Both a free and a premium version of this software are accessible. Only a few movies and TV shows are available in the free version. You must subscribe to the service to access all of the content if you want to watch the premium movies. What sets Tubi TV apart is that you can access popular movies and TV series in HD quality straight from your smartphone as they are released. The most extensive collection of contemporary, classic, and fan favorites is always available to keep you entertained. This site includes thousands of films and TV series. In addition to its web-based version, you may view movies anytime, anywhere, or on any device.


3. BIGSTAR Movies:


You can watch movies and TV shows on the BIGSTAR Movies app for iOS and Android. It offers films in a variety of genres, including action, horror, science fiction, war-based, comedic, and fighting, among others. Everyone can find and watch domestic and foreign cinema on this exquisite website. It places all available movies and TV series in the palm of your hands, both domestic and foreign. Movie fans can watch new releases of foreign films, Indian films, documentaries, and more on BIGSTAR Movies – Watch FREE Movies & TV Shows. 
You can also browse every kind of category or use the search box to find movies after installation. The BIGSTAR Movies app also offers a premium service that entitles users to full HD streams, no commercials, and access to the entire BIGSTAR catalog.


4. Bobby Movie:


With the help of the free Android software Bobby Movie, you can stream high-definition films, shows, and events from all over the world anytime. Thanks to the app’s straightforward UI and UX, you can find your favorite material and enjoy excellent streaming without any restrictions. Bobby Movie is a concise yet practical mobile streaming application for all movie enthusiasts. 
Most video and movie streaming services lack sections like New Release, Trending, Most Watch, and Categories, but Bobby Movie does. Each of its parts contains options that are continuously updated with new content. A sophisticated search bar is also available to quickly locate your preferred content. The streaming app Bobby Movie does not require registration and is free to use. 
On the other hand, you must register for the app using a confirmed email address if you want to stay up to date with the newest trends. Numerous categories, support for more than 225 languages, simple movie requests, compatibility for Chromecast with Airplay, a wide variety of original material, regular updates, etc., are just a few of the app’s standout features.


5. PopcornTime:


PopcornTime for Android users provides the widest variety of TV series and movies on their smartphones or tablet. The most appropriate feature of this forum is that it supports AirPlay and Chromecast. Thanks to these features, you are just a few clicks away from a simple wireless solution that will allow you to view movies on your Android tablet and smartphone while streaming them to TV via Apple TV and Chromecast. It is a free website where you may watch lots of movies. Movies can be searched using their title, year, genre, and category. Its database is regularly updated. Its outstanding, feature-rich, and simple-to-use interface provides its users with a top-notch experience.


6. Crackle:


The famous Apple TV program Crackle makes it simple to stream free movies and TV episodes. This app doesn’t require a membership to use. Using the storing option, you may save your favorite movies and TV series. It is a Sony Pictures Entertainment creation. Additionally, it offers a split-screen function. A long list of titles will appear at the bottom of the screen, with a list of highlighted movies at the top. Only the US, Canada, Australia, Brazil, and Latin America are supported by this app. The distance between each show is one click away.The video will start playing in full-screen mode after you click on it. On Crackle, you can watch popular TV shows, including Seinfeld, The Shield, Damages, Blue Mountain State, Spider-Man, and many more. On Crackle, you can watch fantastic animated films and shows like Rurouni Kenshin, Marvel Anime, IronMan, Blue Exorcist, and others. Every day, new content is published to the forum.


7. TerrariumTV:


The excellent app TerrariumTV is packed with fun entertainment content for its devoted global fans. With the help of this app, you can access a large selection of the best movies you enjoy watching and a detailed guide that will help you learn everything you need to know about your top picks from the app’s extensive library. You can also download both old and new movies directly from this app because it consistently updates its movie-related content. It offers modern search tools to help you locate your favorite movies from its movie lists and even get movies in different categories like what’s hot, what’s coming up, and what’s playing in theatres, among others. It offers the best films based on user ratings, offers unrestricted movie exploration, allows you to search through its enormous database, and much more. You can accurately get detailed information about movies, actors, cast, and many other things. You may read user reviews and sort movies by popularity, trending, high ratings, most rated, and popular, among other criteria.


8. Cartoon HD:


On iOS and Android mobile devices, there is a well-liked TV show and movie streaming app called Cartoon HD. Android users must download and install the software from any third-party platform since it is not offered on the Google Play Store or the Apple App Store. It has an incredible, straightforward, and child-friendly user interface that makes it simple for kids to use. While many people use this application to watch cartoons, it also has a variety of other movies available. It is the most acceptable way to stream limitless films and TV shows directly to your smartphone. Additionally, it is the ideal way to access full episodes of your favorite TV shows quickly and to view the newest full movies. Install this application and discover new movies and TV shows effortlessly.


9. HBO Now:


HBO Now is excellent when you want a reliable source of movie pleasure in your pocket. It enables you to watch significant premieres simultaneously with each episode of the compelling and engaging HBO shows, including the enormously popular Game of Thrones, The Deuce, Westworld, and many others. In addition to new movies released weekly, you may also watch the news, intelligent chat shows, unique events, and thought-provoking documentary series. You can join for a free month of HBO Now to watch on your preferred screen, phone, tablet, connected TV, or gaming device. A sizable number of users of this app utilize it to access their favorite drama series, movies, and other media. HBO Now offers a logical method for retrieving data, making it simple to get what you want. Although it is simple to access, there are some limitations as well.


10. Pluto TV:


Pluto TV is a fantastic app for watching TV on your smartphone. It has many incredible features make it easy for you to watch TV shows and movies on your iOS and Android mobile devices and tablets. It offers thousands of films from the top studios, like Bloomberg, Paramount, CBS, NBC, and Warner Brothers, as well as over 100 live channels. With the help of the popular app Pluto TV – It’s Free TV, you can get premium channels like Anima All Day, Food TV, Pro Wrestling Channel, and the newest sports networks. You can use this application without paying anything, such as a subscription or with a credit card. With the support of viewers like you, our app gives you access to thousands of free popular movies. Thanks to it, you never miss a single update from your favorite people. You can also watch CBS News Man Up, 4K TV, Adventure TV, Action Movies, Frontdoor, MST3K & RiffTrax, Anime All Day, THC – Channel 420, NBC / MSNBC, After School Cartoons, Weather Network, Horror 24/7, World Poker, and more in addition to these. Therefore, download Pluto TV to enjoy thousands of films as well.


11. Popcornflix:


On Popcornflix, numerous movies are offered without charge. It is a reliable site that enables users to watch their preferred movies for free. Additionally, you can easily download free full-length movies on your smartphones and tablets, and it provides premium software with more advanced capabilities. More than 700 videos are easily accessible to users without any fees or subscription requirements. Some of Hollywood’s biggest and most well-known stars, including Kristen Stewart, Olivia Wilde, Ryan Reynolds, Brad Pitt, and others, appear in a variety of genres in these feature-length movies. Using its fermium application, you can immediately view a great variety of movies without having to pay a membership or any other expenses. Popcornflix, which also provides some wonderful features for folks who enjoy viewing movies, adds new movies every day. It features film content from numerous genres, including drama, adult, urban, children, family, Spanish, Bollywood, comedy, adventure, and more. There are no limitations placed on users.


Conclusion:


The MegaBox HD offers a commendable user interface and a large selection of movies. Users may also prefer certain features, such as the effective list presentation in Movie Bucket and JustWatch for better search engines for streaming movies and additional features like recommendations and keeping track of viewing history. The possibilities mentioned above are helpful to you, and you can select them based on your preferences.
