Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=4547707



Memrise Review


I've been contributing to PCMag since 2011, at times as an analyst and currently as deputy managing editor for the software team. My column, Get Organized, has been running on PCMag since 2012. It gives advice on how to manage all the devices, apps, digital photos, email, and other technology that can make you feel like you're going to have a panic attack.


The Bottom Line


Freemium study app Memrise has a wealth of content in foreign languages as well as other subjects. Beginners will find it a valuable resource.


PCMag editors select and review products independently. If you buy through affiliate links, we may earn commissions, which help support our testing.


Pros



  
Great content for beginners

  
No limit on number of languages/courses you can study

  
Good customization options in settings




Cons



  
No guarantee on quality of user-generated content

  
Some lessons only available in the mobile app




Memrise won't make you fluent in a foreign language, but it's an excellent study aid. This web and mobile app goes a long way toward helping you memorize characters, vocabulary, and phrases. It's not just for learning languages, either. Memrise also helps you study and learn math, science, economics, and other subjects—although language learning really is its main focus. Memrise is interactive, giving you exercises and quizzes, so it's not just another flashcard app. The free tier of service is very good, making it one of our favorite free language learning apps and a PCMag Editors' Choice winner. There's a paid membership if you're hungry for more.


How Much Does Memrise Cost?


To set up a Memrise account costs nothing at all. You do need an account to use the app, but you don't have to give up any payment details. The free account gives you access to a good amount of content both in the web app and mobile apps, and there are no ads. But you get more ways to learn and additional features, such as offline access, by paying for a Pro subscription.


When we tested Memrise in April 2022, we saw a few different prices on the web and mobile apps. The standard rate according to the mobile app is $8.49 per month, $89.99 per year, or $119.99 (one-time payment) for lifetime access. We also saw promotions, which is common with language-learning apps. The listed deal price at the time of testing in the mobile app was $44.99 per year. Logging in on the web, however, we saw an offer as low as $29.99 per year—with the standard list price showing as $59.99 per year.


In short, if you are going to upgrade with Memrise, we recommend looking at all the options across both the web and mobile app to make sure you're getting the best price.


Similar Products


Duolingo


Quizlet


Fluenz


Rosetta Stone Language Learning


Lingoda


Pimsleur


Babbel


Yabla


Lingopie


What does signing up for Memrise Pro get you? It unlocks all features, chief among them adaptive learning technology, meaning the app changes how it teaches you based on your performance. The Pro account also has some statistics that show when and how much you studied and access to Difficult Word exercises, meaning exercises that help you work on vocabulary that you've previously gotten wrong in Memrise.


How Much Do Other Language Apps Cost?


To gauge Memrise's value, it helps to have a point of comparison. A good starting point is Duolingo. This app also has a great free tier of service and asks $12.99 per month or $83.88 per year for Plus.


Quizlet, another popular study app, was advertising a price of $35.99 per year, but that turned into $47.99 per year when we logged into our account, or $7.99 per month.


Full-service language learning apps that provide more rigorous instruction, such as Fluenz and Rosetta Stone, cost in the vicinity of $100–$200 per year.


What Languages Can You Learn With Memrise?


Memrise has content for both English speakers and speakers of other languages. Some of the most popular language courses for English speakers are Arabic, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Russian, and Spanish (European and Mexican). You can sign up for as many languages as you want, even if you're a free user, just as you can in Duolingo.


Those languages are highlighted because of their popularity and because they have plentiful content that's highly structured and developed in house by Memrise. For example, when studying Korean, you can start with courses called Korean 1, Korean 2, Korean 3, and so forth, and those numbered courses are created by Memrise rather than users of the service. For any course, the creator's name is next to the name of the course. When you see that Memrise created a course, you can trust that it was vetted for quality.


Beyond those basic courses in the languages I just mentioned, there are more specialized courses, like Slang in Korean and 1,000 Most Common Korean Words. These courses are not necessarily created by Memrise, so you have no assurance of their quality and accuracy.


Memrise hosts courses for many more languages than the ones I listed, but not all of them are made by Memrise. Additionally, the number of lessons varies a lot for each language. For example, I found more than 100 courses for Swahili, but none labeled Swahili 1, Swahili 2, and so forth. Another example: You have a range of options for learning the Armenian alphabet, but only a handful of options if you want to pick up a few words of Cherokee. I'm impressed by just how many languages are included, even if the quality and amount of content is inconsistent.


Features and Experience


Memrise looks polished and has a clear structure. When you start with a course of study, you start at the first lesson. All the following lessons in that course remain locked until you complete the prior lessons. The structure is great for beginners. While you can't advance to new lessons without unlocking them, you can jump around to different courses at your leisure. That's good for experienced speakers, though there's no placement test for finding out the best place to start.


While Memrise lets you study a wide variety of topics, the language-learning content is what you see first. In testing the app, I went through some entry-level courses in Korean and German, plus more advanced courses in Spanish and Romanian. Memrise doesn't limit the number of courses you can choose, even with a free account.


Memrise teaches material by first showing you a few words, characters, or concepts, depending on what you're studying, and then quizzing you on them. For learning languages, the app uses both written and audio material. For example, the Korean program started by exposing me to a small selection of characters and showing their equivalent in written English as well as playing an audio file of a native speaker making the sound. After you see and hear the character a few times, Memrise starts peppering in multiple-choice questions in which you identify the characters you just learned.


Memrise encourages you to not learn too much at once, and it does a great job of recycling words and phrases you've already learned to keep them fresh in your mind. You can change the number of new items you learn per lesson (3, 5, 7 or 10) in the settings, which is helpful for learners who need to go faster or slower. You get similar controls for words per review session.


Learning From Zero


Learning Korean characters went smoother than I expected, although there's not much you can do to remember new characters and their sounds other than to memorize them. Memrise shows you only a few characters in any lesson, and then slowly combines them into short words. Much of the time, a Korean speaker says the character and holds up a card showing it written, too, which makes it a little too easy to then choose the corresponding character from a multiple choice set.


The learning was solid, but slow. If you're a quick learner, you might find Memrise a little tedious.


When I tried Memrise to practice languages I have a lot of experience speaking, the app felt exceptionally slow and often too easy. More experienced learners will find that Duolingo may have content to help them practice, but only for languages that have really long courses, as that's where you'll find exercises for intermediate and advanced learners. Otherwise I'd point you to Lingoda, which offers online classes for very fair prices. Lingoda has a placement test to help get you into the right level, and the hour-long classes are challenging.


Memrise has speed quizzes that let you test what you've learned so far in a timed environment. The quizzes are short, talking only maybe two minutes to complete. Everything about Memrise seems designed to be mobile-friendly.


Memrise's Mobile App vs. Web App


You can use Memrise as both a web app and mobile app for Android or Apple mobile devices. The web and mobile apps are not the same, however. As mentioned earlier, you might see different pricing for Memrise Pro in one place versus the other. Additionally, you can't do grammar lessons in the web app. You need the mobile app for that.


If you like to switch between web and mobile, that's fine, as Memrise does save your place in all the courses and syncs them across platforms. If you prefer to learn using the web app, you might find Memrise inconvenient.


Among the Best Free Language Study Apps


Memrise is a worthwhile app for studying languages, particularly for beginners learning new characters and basic vocabulary. The fact that it's more than just a flashcard app keeps it engaging. We also appreciate that the free tier of service is ample and lets you study as many languages—and other subjects—as you want. You never feel like you're hitting a paywall. While the Pro version offers extra features that serious learners might want to take advantage of, all the aspects of Memrise that make it great are included in the free version, and for that it's an Editors' Choice winner.


Memrise: изучение языков


Более 50 миллионов человек учат языки с помощью Memrise - единственного приложения, созданного лингвистами, которое помогает овладеть тремя ключевыми навыками изучения языка.


Выбери язык: английский (британский и американский), французский, немецкий, испанский, японский, итальянский, корейский, арабский, польский и турецкий. Английская версия приложения также предлагает такие языки: китайский, португальский, голландский, шведский, норвежский, датский, йоруба, исландский, монгольский и словенский.


Загрузи приложение, чтобы вскоре начать говорить на языке.


1. Учи слова и выражения
2. Понимай их смысл в реальных ситуациях
3. Общайся с другими людьми


Как это работает?
- Курсы созданы специалистами в области конкретного языка, чтобы каждый смог учить реальный язык, на котором действительно говорят его носители
- Короткие и простые уроки 
- Тысячи видео и аудио с носителями языка 
- Технология распознавания речи


Французский язык для путешествия
На наших курсах французского тебя ждут слова и фразы, которые помогут почувствовать себя своим среди местных жителем


Английский язык для работы
Видео с носителями языка помогут тебе быстрее начать понимать английский и свободно общаться с англоязычными коллегами


Корейский язык в удовольствие
Наслаждайся корейской культурой без онлайн-переводчиков и субтитров!


Учи языки с Memrise
Учи английские выражения, японский алфавит, французское произношение или просто начни учить новый язык с помощью приложения для изучения языка. Memrise подготовит тебя к знакомству с миром посредством нового языка. Попробуй любой из наших 20+ языковых курсов!


«Memrise - Лучшее [приложение], чтобы начать говорить на разговорном языке», —CNET


«Инструменты обучения Memrise помогут вам уловить интонации, произношение и темп речи», —Conde Nast Traveler


«Лучший способ выучить язык. Всестороннее изучение языка, включая орфографию, построение предложений и т. д., но при этом все очень доступно. Memrsie учит повседневным словам и предложениям. Я пробовал много других, но пока это лучшее приложение», - Роб Т.


«Я перепробовал множество приложений и методов изучения языков, но Memrise – это лучший из всех для пополнения словарного запаса», - Джош


Хочешь убедиться лично? Зарегистрируовавшись, оформи подписку Memrise Pro и получи доступ к эксклюзивным функциям для изучения языка, таким как трудные слова, практика произношения и режим офлайн. Все, что тебе нужно, чтобы быстро освоить язык.


Создано лингвистами 
Работая с командой разработчиков мирового уровня, Memrise создал лучшие языковые курсы с разнообразными простыми и увлекательными уроками для пользователей всех уровней. Учи английский, французский, немецкий, испанский, японский, португальский, корейский, и другие языки совершенно новым и увлекательным способом.


Загрузи приложение для изучения языков Memrise, чтобы быстро выучить такие языки как английский (британский и американский), французский, немецкий, испанский, японский, итальянский, корейский, арабский, польский или турецкий.


------ ВНИМАНИЕ:
Для доступа ко всем курсам и функциям (которые могут отличаться в зависимости от языка твоего устройства и языковой пары) необходима подписка Memrise. Подписка продлевается автоматически, если не будет отменена до окончания периода оплаты. Управлять подпиской и отменить ее можно в своей учетной записи Google Play Store.


Разрешения в приложении, Чтобы активировать некоторые функции приложения Memrise, от тебя может потребоваться разрешение доступа. Например, для практики произношения будет необходим доступ к микрофону. Ты можешь изменить разрешения доступа в любое время в настройках.


Политика конфиденциальности: https://www.memrise.com/privacy/ 
Условия пользования: https://www.memrise.com/terms/


Выучи английский (британский и американский), испанский, французский, немецкий, японский, итальянский, корейский, арабский, польский, турецкий, быстрее, чем когда либо.
