Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9308361



Guide: Where to farm Dragon Stars and Cosmos Eggs


You finished all Levels and already have a ton of Stone and Gold, but you're still missing Dragon Gems and also need a lot more Dragon Power?


Contents


Dragon Gems [ ]


The best way to get Dragon Gems without buying them is to tap Dragon Stars, so we'll need to farm them in levels.


As they appear randomly, it's very rare to gain 3 Dragon Stars in one level, and thus you probably won't be able to merge them in a level. Luckily, you can take them to your Camp if they appear in a level by leaving them alone until you finish the level (you can also tap the purple star once in a level for a freebie gem prior to exiting the level, though it has no benefits in general and dragon star in camp will retain one less tap).


Dragon Star(s) will show up as a free reward when you collect your level rewards, and you'll need to select it before leaving the rewards screen. At your camp you can merge 3 (or even better 5) of them to gain a Magnificent Dragon Star and tap it for about 5 Giant Dragon Gems, which you should definitely 5-merge, as the level 3 gems only give exactly as many gems as three level 2 ones.


How to get the most profit from your stars:


From the moment the star appears, it is determined how many times you can tap it. So don’t do it in the level as you can’t merge it there. Once in camp, you can keep the level rewards with the dragon star bubbled until you have 5, this way you won’t accidentally tap it. When you have 5, you unbubble them and place them close to each other, ready to be merged. The number of times dragon stars can be tapped is random. It varies between 1-3 times before they turn into the regular yellow stars.


With the following trick you can find out how many times:


Exit to the world map, disconnect from the cloud and go back to your camp. This way your actions won’t be saved. You can now safely tap your stars and count how many times you can do for each one. Make sure to remember it! Then you fly back to the map, connect and download the previous save. Pay attention not to chose upload and to keep playing! Now the game is reset to before you tapped your dragon stars, but you know how many times they can be tapped. If that was for example 3, you can tap it 2 times. Don’t merge them yet. Now you connect and chose to keep the current game. A Magnificent Dragon Star can be tapped 7-11 times for gems. Again, you can use the cloud to get as many as possible. Disconnect from the cloud, merge the dragon stars and start counting how many times you can tap them. If you want more taps, connect again and download previous cloud save, disconnect and do it again. This only works if you merge your dragon stars after you disconnected from the cloud. Now you can 5-merge the gems.


Cosmos Dragon Eggs [ ]


Of course you can wait for Cosmos Dragons to randomly spawn from merged Sapphire Eggs, but you could also just play one level over and over, as you'll get Cosmos Dragon Eggs and Nests as Level Rewards if you finish it a certain number of times.


At first, you play a few times (usually three times) for a chest (often a Dangerous Chest). Then you play for a Cosmos Egg. When you have achieved the single egg, you play for a nest of Cosmos Eggs. A nest can contain as many as seven eggs, and no fewer than three eggs. When you have achieved the nest, the cycle starts again, sometimes with a different type of chest. Each time you complete the entire cycle of chest, single egg and then nest, the number of times you are required to play to gain the reward is increased. If you play the same level too many times, the chalice cost of gaining the reward and the time involved outweighs the actual reward itself, making the level only useful for Dragon Star farming.


Possible Rewards and Dragon Eggs [ ]


Each level lists "possible rewards". These are offered to you for free in the level rewards when you complete the level, and may include a Dragon Egg. The egg is infrequently offered, and you need to tick it to bring it back to camp.


A free dragon egg is distinct from eggs that are offered in the level rewards at the cost of gems. The "possible rewards" eggs do not need to be present at the end of the level, whereas eggs that can be bought in the level rewards are simply objects that were lying around in the level when the level completed.


"Possible rewards" eggs then are an added (and welcome) bonus for repeatedly playing a single level.


Highlighting Levels [ ]


You are rewarded for finishing levels every time, but when levels take time and require merge planning to get all 3 star objectives, it is useful to adjust the strategy to fit the goal. For farming Dragon Stars, Cosmos Dragon Eggs/Nests, increasing Wishes collections to attain the Dragon Shrine, and completing Star Quests to improve your Star Rank, choose the level wisely.



  
For Dragon Shrine: Tapping on Goal Stars dropping and selecting all the Dragon Wishes rapidly to get the full amount so they don't auto-collect and you'll get half, means you need a level that you want to attain all 3 Goal Stars with.

  
For Dragon Stars, Dragon Shrine, (1) Star Quest plus accumulation, level Possible Rewards accumulation, but not for Cosmos Dragon Eggs/Nests: For playing repeatedly and quickly to earn Dragon Stars dropped randomly among the Goal Stars, many choose gem farming on Dread Marsh 3, Zomblin Falls 1 and Skull Grove. So here is a thought-out for reasons why you should know about Dread Marsh 3, for example: 

  
The level is playable in under 10 seconds.

  
Often you can combine Dragon Shrine build-up with gem farming, and tap out all the Goal Stars to increase Dragon Wishes.

  
Depending into which camp you fall, tapping the Dragon Star once in level and collecting both the tap-out and the Dragon Star on Level Complete!, or not early tapping it, gets both the gems and Shrine progress in the game.

  
Cosmos Dragon Eggs/Nests however, drop further and further apart, as the number of plays to complete the reward increase with each play. For example if in Dread Marsh 3, being at 51/60 for a Cosmos Dragon Nest for the third overall level reward, it indicates 9 more plays on this level are playable to earn the next, but also that the earlier two overall level rewards went up as well, and that it clearly takes 3x60 attempts going ahead to continue to collect the Cosmos Dragon Nest in the future, which can be daunting.

  
Activating Bonus Points at the time of this writing, for the limited Grass Chain items in Dread Marsh 3, is actually one of the Star Quests, so that is really helpful to know how immediate these appear, but more so for the Star Point accumulation, getting all three stars at three points apiece for the full seven chalices equals 3x3x7 for 63 Star Points.

  
For the Possible Rewards accumulation, you have the coins dropped from Goal Stars while playing the level, and from finishing the level 7 chances from a full seven chalices for a Dragon Egg, as well as 7x 2-3 Magic Coin - Silver, 7x 1-2 Triple Shrooms, and 7x 1-2 Grass Tufts. Clicking out the whole haul back in camp sets out 21 Magic Coins, 7-14 Triple Shrooms, 7-14 Grass Tufts, possibly a Dragon Egg and a few Dragon Stars, all of which can really accelerate your game.




Levels Table (1) Chalice [ ]

 # Level Name and Map Chest and Possible Rewards on Completion Level Speed Cons Pros  No one Chalice Cost Levels are in Intro, Level #s 1-4  (1) one Chalice Cost Levels is in Grassy, Level #s 5-11  6 Grassy 2 

Merge Dragon Hack – Unlimited Gems & Coins Generator [Unlimited]


We are sharing the world’s best Merge Dragon Gems Hack and Coins Generator that you can use in just a few clicks. This is one of the best Merge Dragon Gems generators on the internet. You can find this tool using google & other search engines. Finally, the wait is over because here we are going to give you genuine free Gems and Coins. So in this article, we are going to introduce you to a first-ever Merge Dragon Hack for Gems & Coins . If you don’t want to read the complete article then just directly click on the below button to visit the Merge Dragon Gems Hack Tool page.


That is our guarantee you never look at another Online Merge Dragon Gems Hack and Merge Dragon Coins Generator after using our online tool. We were researching the Merge Dragon Hack then we came to this awesome online generator. Our team is working hard day by day to make it easy, awesome, & reliable for you.


In this tool, you are able to use Merge Dragon Gems Generator Online . Before the launch of this hacking technique, we already have collected more than 10000+ users with a 100% success rate. We have tested this Merge Dragon Gems Hack 2022 Generator before launching it on our online server and it works well.


We are not faking like others because it works genuinely as we want. There are some basic details required of your account for Merge Dragon Hack Gems and Coins Without Human Verification. So don’t trust anyone who has launched fake generators. Satisfaction is a myth that’s why we have made this 100% working Free Gems and Coins Merge Dragon Generator.


What is a Merge Dragon Game? 


Merge Dragon is one of the best mobile video games. The game is available on both platforms Apple & Play Store as well. The game is too awesome & people are getting crazy about it. You also search on google & see yourself how people are crazy to play Merge Dragon. I hope you will love our Merge Dragon Gems Generator and Merge Dragon Hack.


So let’s know more about the Merge Dragon Gems Hack & Merge Dragon Coins Generator:


What are Unlimited Merge Dragon Gems Hack And Coin Generators?


As you can see online, there are hundreds of Free Gems Merge Dragon Generators available but all of them are fake. Here we are providing you Merge Dragon Hack Gems unlimited . Yes, it is possible now & You can Generate 999999 Merge Dragon Gems and Coins using the Merge Dragon Coins hack and Gems Generator in just a few clicks.


Some parts of the game are premium & you have to pay real money from your wallet or bank. But here you don’t need to pay any amount for 999999 free Gems so take advantage of it. Now you have clarity about Merge Dragon Gems Generator Hack No survey .


There are lots of differences in human verification & without human verification like in the verification method, you have to complete some tasks to get free Gems. You have to wait at least 30 minutes to get Merge Dragon Unlimited Gems and Coins. But here you don’t need to wait any single minutes to get Unlimited Merge Dragon Gems in your account. So our online generator is one of the best tools to get free Gems


Grab Legit 999 999 Gems & Coins Using Merge Dragon Hack Tool 2022


Here you can Grab 999 999 Merge Dragon Gems in just a few clicks. You don’t even wait for a minute after completing the basic details that we are going to tell you in the next title. Now time is arriving when you don’t have to pay a single amount to get 999 999 Merge Dragon Gems. Now you can save a huge amount of money because of our Merge Dragon Gems Generator.


People always look for a Free Merge Dragon Hack & that is the right place where you get unlimited free Gems. Yes, you will get 100% genuine Merge Dragon Gems and Coins direct into your account. So must use Merge Dragon Hack And Merge Dragon Gems and Coins Hack.


How to use Merge Dragon Gems & Coins Generator Online?


 There are some easy steps that you have to follow to Generate Merge Dragon Gems And Coins . 



  
First of all, just click on the provided Access Generator button from anywhere.

  
Then It will take you to the generator page.

  
Enter your Username and device there.

  
Then Select the amount of Merge Dragon Gems & Coins that you want to generate.

  
Just wait for few seconds

  
In the end, Just complete an easy human verification just to prevent the bots.

  
And you will get your Merge Dragon Gems & Coins in your account shortly.




These five steps you have to follow to get Merge Dragon Gems and Coins. You can also share this tool with your friends. So let’s make it possible for you.


FAQs –


How Merge Dragon Gems Generator Works?


Ans – For your information, this is the official Merge Dragon Gems Generator which is connected to the official server of Merge Dragon games. That means you can Generate 100% Genuine Merge Dragon Gems And Coins with this tool. We have a team of developers who work very hard to make it awesome, easy, & reliable for you.


It is securely encrypted by SSL/TLS & launched on a fast and smooth server. You don’t have to face any crashes or unsuccessful attempts. You will land directly to our generator in less than 2 seconds & more than 10000+ users trust our online Merge Dragon generator. So you know how it works.


Do I Need to Download Any Software or App to Use Merge Dragon Hack Tool?


Ans- We have successfully launched the Merge Dragon Gems Hack Generator on an online server. We also can make software or apps for your compatible devices. But software or apps are not a good thing for your device; they can harm your devices. Anyone can easily hack software or apps that’s why we have launched it on an online server.


You don’t need to install any type of app or software. Using a single URL you can access our online generator and that is the right way to get free Gems. So that’s why we have not made any software or app. Don’t forget to read the privacy policy also.


What are the Benefits of Getting Merge Dragon Unlimited Gems & Coins?


Ans – The first benefit is that you don’t have to pay any more for Gems. Most of the part of the game is paid & you have to purchase packages from the account. We have made an awesome generator for you where you can get unlimited Gems free of cost. You are saving lots of money with our Merge Dragon Online Generator.


You can also recommend our online generator to your social media friends by sharing the generator URL. I hope you are enjoying our free service


Can you save the magical world of Dragons?


Merge Dragons! is a puzzle adventure game, where you are tasked with healing a magical land, harnessing the power of dragons, solving fun puzzles and building your camp to grow dragons. It’s a game where everything can be matched and merged to produce unique artifacts and skills – dragon eggs, trees, treasures, stars, magical flowers and dragons themselves, you name it. Everything interacts, and helps you overcome magical, mysterious puzzles.


The realm of Merge Dragons! boasts over 500 items and artifacts – see how you can use them to grow your powers. Mystical, collectible dragons will help you along your journey – match and merge them, too, to evolve them into even more fantastic creatures. Over the course of over 600 quests (one of the most extensive on mobile), and in over 100 repeatable levels, you will fight to collect your bounty, and save the magical land of dragons. Ready to start your quest? Try Merge Dragons! today.
