Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=6295798



Modicon history


Modicon created the first programmable logic controller ( PLC ) in the United States in 1968. The device’s success gave rise to a global industry that has expanded considerably over the past 30 years. PLCs put intelligence in machines and automated processes used in industry, infrastructure and buildings.


1968 With a core group of engineers, Richard E. Morley founded Bedford Associates and invented the first programmable logic controller or PLC. He established the Modicon company, deriving its name from Modular Digital Control.


1969 Modicon introduced the "084" PLC, so named because it was the 84th project of Bedford Associates.


1973 The "084" was upgraded and re-introduced as the "184". The workforce increased from 80 to 170 employees and sales reached $5 million. Offices were opened in Cleveland, Los Angeles and Rochester.


1975 Modicon introduced the "284", the first controller with a microprocessor and distributed control and the "384, the first PLC with digitized process algorithms for continuous control.


1979 The company introduced History | Specifications | Modbus Organization">Modbus , the first industrial communications network, enabling users to interface computers to controllers. Thanks to its reliability, Modbus became an industry standard.


1990 introduction of the FIP communication network and FactoryMate Plus industrial workstations. These industrial control platforms put graphic operator controls on the factory floor for alarming, trending, data logging and reporting.


1992 First application of open systems with the ModConnect Partners Program, a formal program of cooperation with suppliers of hardware, software, integrationand services to complement Modicon’s product lines. Connectability with Profibus and Ethernet communication networks.


1994 Modicon introduced the Quantum range, the first truly open approach to automation control. Creation of the AEG Schneider Automation joint venture, which also sold Square D, April and Telemecanique products.


1997 Modicon became Schneider’s fourth master brand. PLCs, sold under the Modicon, Square D and Telemecanique brand names, are one of Schneider’s strategic businesses, with annual sales of FF 3.2 billion and 2,500 employees. The devices are manufactured in seven plants located in the United States, Germany and France. The business ranks third in the global marketplace, and second in Europe and North America. 1998 Schneider Automation expanded its lineup both in hardware and software, with the Micro and Premium PLC platforms, the Momentum controller for distributed I/Os and Transparent Factory. Integrated solutions for motion control have been added to Transparent Factory with theModicon/Telemecanique Lexium and Num Axium.


2000 Creation of Web Automation for the remote supervision of automated production processes. The solution integrates programmable logic controllers and other components in an open architecture using Ethernet and Internet protocols to connect to the Web.


PLC WorkShop Suite for Modicon


A suite of software designed for programming, testing, troubleshooting, and managing PLC programs for Modicon PLCs.


PLC WorkShop Suite for Modicon provides all the tools necessary to program Quantum, Compact, Momentum, 984, and 584 PLCs. It offers all the programming, testing, troubleshooting, and management capabilities necessary for a robust PLC programming environment. PLC WorkShop Suite for Modicon includes the following products:


PLC WorkShop for Modicon


Designed for use with the entire line of Quantum, Compact, Momentum, 984, and 584 PLCs, PLC WorkShop for Modicon offers complete support of relay ladder logic.


FTVersionTrak PE


The FTVersionTrak Programmer Edition (FTVersionTrak PE) allows you to introduce advanced version control practices into your programming environment. With the ability to control who accesses your files, you will always know what changes were made, who made the changes, when they were made, and have the ability to roll back changes.


FTVersionTrak PE secures and safeguards your PLC WorkShop files, ensuring that if a problem occurs with one of your programs, a backup file is readily available. FTVersionTrak PE may also be used to compare differences in logic, configuration, I/O configuration, registers, documentation, and other program components between two versions of a program file. Advanced security and version control is available in the full version of FTVersionTrak, included in PLC WorkShop SuperSuite for Modicon.


Modicon Simulator


Test and debug your PLC programs before going live. Modicon Simulator allows you to program, run, and test Modicon lader logic and simulated I/O in a fraction of the time without requiring expensive hardware. Modicon Simulator offers valuable testing features, such as step advancement mode by scan, network, or instruction; conditional breakpoints; and a complete batch-oriented I/O simulator.


FasTrak’s Commitment to the Modicon Line


FasTrak has been supplying PLC programming software for over 30 years to thousands of customers worldwide. We are committed to the long-term development, service, and support of programming software for Modicon PLCs. Our commitment includes:



  
The release of new product versions.

  
Continued development of, and support for the PLC WorkShop Suite for Modicon.

  
An experienced technical staff to answer all your questions.

