Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=4570295



MX TakaTak free for Android APK


You will be automatically redirected to the homepage in 30 seconds.


MX TakaTak is a social media platform born and made in India. The app was developed by MX Media Entertainment and launched in July 2019 as a Social Media Channel to create and share short video content. It was available for use exclusively in India, but as from 2020 the app is ready for use in other countries such as the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Nepal, it has 50 million users up to date.


What are the key features of MX TakaTak?


It's just about being creative, with MX TakaTak there’s no need to be an expert to create fun and beautiful videos. The app has easy to use edit tools to produce videos and adding filters, stickers, emoticons, music and more. A rich music library with thousands of songs and the latest billboard hits is also available for music videos and lip syncing. 


With over one billion video views, personalities and celebrities of the media entertainment industry in India like Badshah, Jannat Zubair, Garima Chaurasia, Angel Rai, Aashika Bhatia upload regular content for the users to discover and find some inspiration to create their own.


Something that definitely stands out on MX TakaTak are the cash prizes and hashtags, the app is looking to change and update trends constantly, looking for the most attractive hashtags and creators. Stay tuned for their hashtag contests to get a chance at winning cash prizes!


After the creation and editing of content in MX TakaTak, bring all your videos directly to other social media platforms such as Facebook, Whatsapp and Instagram by simply sharing & uploading.


Are you the next internet superstar?The platform features an Explore tab where you can check the updates on what's trending and follow the hashtags to enter different contests and get a chance to become the new internet sensation. MX TakaTak selects the best streaming videos to contact digital creators and offer them an opportunity to take their creations to the next level.


Find different types of videos ranging from dancing, diy, food, sports, memes, music, jokes, Bollywood and more. These videos are available live and in a variety of channels, the app has an incredible amount of content suited for every taste, not only can you follow your favorite celebrities, but channels with celebrities, tutorials, lessons, music and more. Browse trending hot video's to find channels and keep tuned to catch up the lives and interact with other users and creators.


The app is dedicated to India, and has stated the importance to diversity. It was developed by creators from all over the country, therefore it’s available in a variety of languages like Hindi, English, Bhojpuri, Punjabi, Gujarati, Marathi, Bengali, Kannada, Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and more, simply select your language of preference and get started on the fun!


Is it free?


Yes! One of the many advantages to MxTakaTak is that it is available as a free download.


Moj Lite +


Moj Lite + is a social network that's been inspired by TikTok. You can watch short videos that have been uploaded by other users of the platform. Enjoy all the content this app offers by scrolling vertically through a simple interface that includes the essentials to keep you entertained for as long as you'd like.


To move on to the next Moj Lite + video you simply have to swipe vertically on your Android's screen. Also, you'll find two tabs on the upper part of the interface that can either show you viral content or videos that have been uploaded by the community and adapted to certain categories.


If you want to post content, all you have to do is tap on the 'Add' button located at the bottom of the screen. You'll access a fairly simple editor that you can use to record and edit each post. Plus, there are a bunch of songs and sound effects that can add that oomph to your posts and attract more users to your profile.


Moj Lite + is a tool that lets you enjoy hundreds of short videos at any time and place using nothing more than your smartphone. If you enjoy creating content and don't want to use an external editor, then give Moj Lite + a try.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information

 Package Name com.next.innovation.takatak  License Free  Op. System Android    Category Social  Language English
