Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=2205053



NBA 2K Mobile Locker Codes (March 2022)


NBA 2K Mobile fans are excited about the Locker codes valid for their favorite game. So, we are ready to help each of you out here! This guide fully covers the active Locker codes and the detailed steps on their application. Just check this information out!



  
HZ84F-HG82V-WPD76-37AYT-921DW. With this code, you will achieve from 1 to 3 tokens, free packs, free VC, or free MT.

  
THANKYOUMYTEAMCOMMUNITY. It will give you not as many rewards as a previous code, but you will also be able to achieve some great perks: free packs, free VC, or free 1.5 MT.

  
RRLQA-QE7SY-FPF9X-GX5G6-6RQN8. Rewards that you will get when you write this code are free packs, free VC, and free MT.

  
C2K7F-YGXVJ-XSE5S-PKACX-ZE7FS. Once you write this code into the line, you will get some free packs, VC, or MT.

  
YJXB7-SW2JC-VML3C-HFMQX-SAFPA. If you choose this code, you will have free packs, VC, or MT.




So, now you know what locker codes you can use and what you get when you use them. If you want to know how to redeem these codes, keep reading!


How to Redeem Locker Codes


If you want to redeem Locker Codes in NBA 2K22, follow the simple step-by-step instruction below to succeed.


For the first, please locate the section called Redeem. It is located in the left portion of your screen.


For the second, you will need to copy and paste the correspondent code in the appropriate field.


The third and final step is to hit the button Pen and achieve the promised perks!


Now you know how to activate the Locker codes to benefit in NBA 2K Mobile. Enjoy playing the game!


We are hiring game guide writers!


Touch, Tap, Play is looking for experienced writers to produce guides for popular mobile and Nintendo Switch titles. If mobile gaming is your passion and you want to get paid to create guides, you’re in the right place. Check out our job ad today!


NBA 2k Mobile Codes (April 2023) – Free stuff!


Pro Game Guides has a comprehensive list of all active NBA 2K Mobile Codes! These cards will be a big boost to some, but they will not be as helpful to veterans of NBA 2K Mobile. If you want to get some free stuff like players, keys, cosmetics, and recharges, then make sure you're up to date on every code coming out in this mobile experience. These codes will help you get started in NBA 2K mobile, offering Sapphire-level characters that are excellent beginner tools.


Basketball fans can enjoy 2K Interactive's popular sports simulator thanks to the NBA 2k mobile experience. Fans on iOS and Android can take to the court, playing as icons from the sport from past and present teams to take titles on their phones and tablets. Those looking to up their game can secure a few boosts with codes.


For more on game codes and guides on 2k, visit other code articles like NBA 2K22 Locker Codes and NBA 2K23 Locker Codes. If you want more 2k guides, check out NBA 2K23 Secret Builds – How to Create Special Replicas, Best Point Guard Builds in NBA 2K23, and How to Face Scan in NBA 2K23. Be sure to bookmark this page and check back daily for new codes!


All NBA 2K Codes List


Updated April 4, 2023
 
No new codes today.
 


NBA Mobile Codes (Working)


The following is a list of all available NBA 2K mobile codes.


NBA Mobile Codes (Expired)


The following codes are no longer active in NBA 2K mobile.



  
BACK2BACKMVP—Redeem for a Nikola Jokić card

  
LUKAMAGIC—Redeem for a Luka Dončić card

  
LARRYLEGEND—Redeem for a Larry Bird card

  
NBAISBACK—Redeem for Anthony Davis card

  
PDMORANT—Redeem for Ja Morant card

  
GALAXYPG13—Redeem for a Paul George card

  
TACOTUESDAY—Redeem for LeBron card.

  
BILLRUSSELL—Redeem for a Bill Russell Card

  
RAYALLEN20—Get a Ray Allen card and x2 Energy Recharge

  
SKYHOOK33—Redeem for a Kareem Abdul-Jabbar card

  
MVPDROSE—Redeem for a Derrick Rose card and a 2x Energy Recharge

  
JORDAN23—Redeem for a Michael Jordan card and 2x Energy Recharge

  
GYROSTEP

  
THEADMIRAL—Redeem code for David Robinson card

  
TAINKLAY - Redeem code for Klay Thomspon card!

  
WHATITDOBABY—Redeem code for Kawhi Leonard card!

  
DAMETIME - Redeem code for Damon Lillard's card!

  
JRUESUMMER - Redeem code for Jrue's Summer card!

  
SHOWTIME - Redeem code for Magic Johnson's card!

  
THEBIGCACTUS - Redeem code for a Shaq's card!

  
KPPLAYOFFS - Redeem code to get Porzingis' theme card and 2 event energy chargers!

  
ELGINBAYLOR - Redeem code to get Elgin Baylor's card

  
CP3PHOENIX - Redeem to get Chris Paul's card

  
EMERALDKLAY - Redeem to get Klay Thompson's card




How to Redeem Codes in NBA 2K Mobile


Redeeming codes in NBA 2K Mobile is easy, just follow these instructions:



  
In the main menu, select The Stat Line option on the left side of the screen.

  
Press the News button on the left side of the screen.

  
In the text box on top of the menu, enter the code exactly as it appears in the list above.

  
Press the Claim button to get the reward.




How to get more NBA 2K Mobile Codes


The best way to get more NBA 2K Mobile codes is to check this page often. Here you'll find a new code as soon as it appears. You can also follow the official NBA 2K Mobile Twitter account for more information on rewards, the new season, and gameplay innovations. This way, you'll have a squad with some of the best NBA players like Jayson Tatum, Luka Dončić, LeBron James, Michael Jordan, etc.


Why are my NBA 2K Mobile Codes not working?


Most of the NBA 2K Mobile codes have an expiration date. To avoid losing out on valuable rewards:



  
Claim prizes as soon as you can.

  
Be careful when you're typing in codes! If you make a typo, your code won't work.

  
Enter the codes exactly as they are specified in the list above.




Where is Redeem option in NBA 2K Mobile?


Are you having trouble finding a way to claim rewards? Don't worry, redeem option will appear in NBA 2K Mobile only when there are active codes. When there are no rewards, the button will disappear. So all you need to do is to be patient and wait for codes to arrive.


What do codes do in NBA 2K Mobile?


Codes in NBA 2k Mobile often give players rare cards that they can use to help create their dream team. Some codes even offer increased Energy Recharge rates to get players back in the game faster. Codes are your best bet if you're looking for an extra edge. It's not technically cheating because everyone has access to this, and the developers put this in themselves. This is just to make the game more fun.


What is NBA 2K Mobile


NBA 2K Mobile is a free-to-play simulation of the best basketball league in the world. You can play this game on your mobile device, so now you can play it wherever you are. Create your team from the best players in the league's history, and win matches against other NBA fans. To boost your chances, redeem NBA 2K Mobile codes regularly!


For more NBA basketball, check out guides like what are the Best Center Builds in NBA 2K23 and How to change Shot Timing in NBA 2K23 on Pro Game Guides.
