Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=3864131



nisa's wicked perversions q


I've joined like three discord servers looking to see if wicked perversions is compatible w 1.95 but haven't really found anything. I honestly cannot join one more discord server. But I'm newish to modding and everyone says that outdated mods can break your game (I follow all the modding
update rules). Does anybody know anything, or if it's relatively safe for me to just try it out myself? Thank you 

The mod had a recent update and it’s fine. I use it in game.


I just wanted to add it was updated 1/25 but it should still be compatible. I haven’t had any problems in game.


As was said, it's compatible, you can see a lot of mods compatibility here


I feel like such a ding dong for not knowing about the NSFW list, thank you!


About Community


For all your Mod & custom content needs, this subreddit is purely for the sims 4, i have found other sites/subreddits confusing and hard to use as they have mods for all the previous games aswell, so i decided to make this one dedicated to the sims 4


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .


Nisas wicked perversions doesnt work anymore. Deleted everything and redownloaded everything. Still doesnt work ugh. Is it because of the new sims update on steam?


I havent updated perversions yet. Do you have wicked whims? Is that one the updated version for the recent patch yesterday?


If you're still having issues, you should be able to message the creator about it. Loverslab or patreon should be able to do that.


Hey yes i’ve downloaded all the new versions. I think whicked wims has been updated recently as well but i wasnt sure and just decided to redownload everything. I’m currently in their discord group and about to ask for some help :)


Every new update will break a mod, you’ll need to wait for the modder to update their file to current version


Yeah i figured, although it still worked for me after the previous sims update


Update: the mod is broken but nisa has been notified!


Post that its broken on the thread please so others know!


I just updated the situation :)


It isn't broken if you are a patreon and get the latest version. I updated my NWP and updated my game last night and everything works perfectly.


About Community


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .
