Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=9270307



Noah's Heart 12+


Come and immerse yourself in this massive open world, a planet full of wonders and adventures! Planet Noah offers a fantastic opportunity for explorers to socialize, it is where you will step into the metaverse of a different world. Through a wide variety of lifestyles, you will meet new friends from across the globe. Whether you wish to share the joy of exploring in the wild or even fight side by side with your guild members, there will always be a place for you on the planet to join in with others. Let’s write down your adventure story on planet Noah together!


Developed by Archosaur Games, the maker of Dragon Raja, Noah’s Heart is a next-generation open world MMORPG, presenting you with the stunning views of the planet Noah using Unreal Engine 4.


Game Features: 
Life on a Seamless Planet
No boundaries, no limitations. Explore every single part of this massive one-of-a-kind world! Enjoy a free life on planet Noah, everything you need can be crafted by specializing in different occupations. The planet is rich in resources, while you are exploring, be on the lookout for resources that are waiting for you to collect.


Summon and Fight with Historical Figures 
Summon the Phantoms of historical figures and have them join your adventure on planet Noah. Fight side-by-side with Phantoms to see how they use the wisdom and power of great persons in the parallel world of Noah’s Heart. Build bonds with them to know about their unique stories. Phantoms will be your most reliable partners in combat and life.


Journey with Friends
Your journey on planet Noah will never be alone! Make friends from all over the world and build your favorite guild together. Complete tasks and earn guild rewards to make your guild stronger every day! Share the exploration life with guild members and friends, team up with them to challenge dungeons. Your adventures will always be full of laughter and joy on planet Noah!


Combat without Limitations
Engage in 3D real-time battles as you enjoy full control over your character’s movements, attacks, and skills. Say goodbye to conventional weapons and class limitations. You are free to choose whichever weapon you feel is most suitable, and to switch between primary and secondary weapons. Build strong teams together with your friends to confront enemies from rival factions and terrifying monsters that lurk inside the dungeons. The explorers of planet Noah are never alone.


Fully Customizable Character
Create and show off your unique style. Express your personality with the powerful customization system. Everything from body shape, skin tone, hair, eyes, lips, clothing, and many more, you are the one in charge! Choose from a diverse range of classical, modern, and exotic clothing styles to make yourself stand out on the planet of Noah.


Device Compatibility:
-The lowest:
2GB RAM, e.g.: iPhone6s, iPhone6s Plus, iPhoneSE, etc;
iOS 10.0; 10GB Storage
-The recommended:
iPhone 8, iPhone 8Plus, iPhoneX or above; iOS14.0 or above;
10GB Storage


Noah's Heart [New Release]


I’m personally excited for this wave of games coming that take a stab at the Genshin formula. We can all agree Genshin added elements to the genre that BotW opened the door for. Same with these other games, there’s bound to be something unique in these entries that might scratch the itch.


However, a few features, such as character customization, the battle system, and the soundtrack, could be improved. These are some of the game's critical points, and I hope the developers will take them into account and improve it.


Rather than that, its a great game . 

Servers aren’t up yet. You can create your character though.


But does it have auto play?


No auto play. This, Tower of Fantasy, Legend of Neverland, etc. are taking a stab at the Genshin open-world/gacha formula.


I’ve heard there is some auto system, but it’s more of an afterthought. It can do simple tasks but you can’t use it to do everything for you.


Tried it and its total shit the game sucks


About Community


Reddit and its partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide you with a better experience. By accepting all cookies, you agree to our use of cookies to deliver and maintain our services and site, improve the quality of Reddit, personalize Reddit content and advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertising. By rejecting non-essential cookies, Reddit may still use certain cookies to ensure the proper functionality of our platform. For more information, please see our Cookie Notice and our Privacy Policy .
