Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=3229184



OBDeleven Car Diagnostics v0.64.0 MOD APK (Pro Unlocked)


Controlling your car’s fault codes has never been easier when you come to OBDeleven car diagnostics. For those of you who don’t know, cars often have mild to severe error codes linked to the vehicle’s sensor system. Continuing that process of car notification, we were born to help you not need to be directly in the car but also to know the condition of the car; what’s better than when you can diagnose and take your car to repair quickly and in time.


ACCURATE FAULT CODE DIAGNOSTIC FEATURE


This application is often regarded as one of the lifesavers when it comes to helping you better understand your car. As evidence, you can diagnose the problem codes it is receiving, and the entire procedure is automated thanks to this feature-rich application’s automatic diagnostics features. You may now view, erase, and distribute error codes for a variety of audiences in order to find the safest, quickest, and most straightforward solution available.


INTELLIGENT REMOTE CONTROL SYSTEM


For a car, it possesses in itself a lot of different functions. Currently, users do not need to sit in the car or touch each control button on the car to be able to operate it. The reason is that everything any function can be performed remotely with the control panel on OBDeleven car diagnostics. Users can activate or deactivate with just a single touch. What are you waiting for, visit us once?


CERTAIN OPTIMIZED USAGE


Regarding the way of linking, the application also optimizes almost every operation to give you the easiest experience possible. No matter who you are, whether you have ever used applications similar to OBDeleven car diagnostics or not, the usage of this application cannot make it difficult for you. We have a tutorial system for you to follow most easily. Once you own the app, plug your OBDeleven device into the OBDII port.


CHECKING INFORMATION AND CHECKING VEHICLE SAFETY


One of the most basic and outstanding functions of OBDeleven car diagnostics is scanning all vehicle information. If you want to interact as well as check all information related to cars, this is the top application for you. Users can now start reading trouble codes from the control unit. Once read, the app also allows you to erase it for the safety of the vehicle occupants.


Not stopping there, every day, every year, you have highly diverse results of different diagnostic data. Therefore, the collection on the application will be full and very difficult to control. That’s why we have launched the feature to share all information via email. So you don’t have to worry about whether your diagnostic data is available or not?


KEEPING THE MAPS OF THE PAST


Not stopping there, there is also a lot of other essential and useful information on this application. Specifically, the car’s map system has passed for a long time. How long each road you have walked on, when and when will be reported on the screen by the application, which is highly convenient. Thanks to that, the next time the user wants to go back there again, we have enthusiastic help. In addition, the history of how cars are also updated.


Besides, OBDeleven car diagnostics also gives you incredible experiences when classified into many different features. First of all, you can go to the workshop section. Here, users can proceed to place a new order or check the light system, oil, and brake pads. And yet, Retrofits is also favored for active applications. You can adjust many components, such as the LED sensor light or the genius fluid level sensor, as the name implies.


KEY FEATURES



  
Get lost in the world of hundreds of error codes of unlimited cars that are delivered in time.

  
All historical data that has been diagnosed for a long time will be emailed to avoid loss.

  
Use the one-of-a-kind coding system to get the job done by activating or deactivating car functions.

  
Check the oil service as well as the remaining capacity or even the quality of the brake pads.

  
Embark on the work of improving new components to give you the safest experience.




OBDeleven Car Diagnostics v0.64.0 MOD APK (Pro Unlocked) Download


You are now ready to download OBDeleven for free. Here are some notes:



  
Please read our MOD Info and installation instructions carefully for the game & app to work properly

  
Downloading via 3rd party software like IDM, ADM (Direct link) is currently blocked for abuse reasons.




Obdeleven pro activation code hack


Upgrade your OBDeleven to a professional tool. OBDeleven device becomes a professional tool upgraded with a 12-month PRO subscription, which unlocks the functionality of advanced diagnostic systems for all VAG group cars: Audi, Volkswagen, Seat, Skoda, Lamborghini, and Bentley. Operating with easy to use application it allows you to fully access all car systems, program, monitor, and activate various functions via your smartphone. OBDeleven is the FIRST Third-party diagnostic tool that allows real-time SFD unlock for the customization of the newest VAG models. After purchase, the PRO Plan code will be sent to your email.


The PRO version of this smart Bluetooth device goes a step further and for more advanced users offers all features of dealer level equipment: access to a wide range of diagnostic information including advanced control unit diagnostic information, sub-control unit information, control unit resets, adaptation, settings and output testing, and other features for all VAG group cars: Audi, Volkswagen, Seat and Skoda.


If you do not want to repeat manual programming or coding actions over and over again - use ready-made applications (One-Click-Apps). However, using One Click Applications still requires credits even with Pro subscription active. You can additionally purchase them using in-app credits.


CODING


Program control units


Set different options in control modules and sub-control units by changing their coding and configuring them yourself. You could also control each unit individually with the help of long-coding.


ADAPTATIONS


Modify control units


Edit or change values and settings in control units with the Adaptations and Long Adaptations features.


BASIC SETTINGS


Calibrate control units


Add new calibration values to your car’s control units like A/C flaps, brake pads, steering angle sensors, etc. This feature is also available for UDS-based control units, as well as older cars’ control units that support it.


GATEWAY CODING


Code gateways between control units


The gateway serves as an information bridge between different vehicle communication networks. Code your car’s gateway and install or uninstall different control units.


TROUBLE CODE FREEZE FRAME


Get trouble code screenshots


See more than just a fault code. Freeze Frame gives you exact screenshots that show additional information about a trouble code.


Specific References


DELIVERY OF GOODS All deliveries are shipped within 2 business days after receipt of payment. Despite the method of delivery you choose, you will receive an e-mail with the shipment tracking link. We offer the following shipping methods:


STANDARD SHIPPING The package will be sent via Lithuanian Post or Deutsche Post DHL. Shipping normally takes 3-14 business days in Europe and 7-30 business days outside of Europe. Due to the COVID-19 situation, some orders may be delayed and delivery could extend up to 4 weeks.


EXPRESS SHIPPING The package is sent via UPS or DHL carrier delivery time is 1-3 business days in Europe and 2-5 business days outside of Europe. We advise adding all the items you want to purchase to one shopping cart before placing your order. We are unable to group the goods from several shopping carts, and their shipment charges will be added to each order. The customs duty, if applicable in a specific case, is not included.


AMAZON FULFILMENT SERVICES The services are processed once the payment is confirmed and dispatched every morning via Amazon carrier services automatically. Regardless, once the order is placed no changes regarding delivery can be made. The delivery time is around 5 business days.


DELIVERY OF VIRTUAL GOODS Such virtual goods as the ULTIMATE Plan for the ULTIMATE Pack will be added to your OBDeleven account upon the first connection to the dongle. Such separate virtual goods as the PRO Plan, ULTIMATE Plan, and credits codes will be delivered to the email address indicated when placing the order.


PAYMENT METHODS Pay by bank wire 
Pay with PayPal 
Pay with debit or credit card


Upgrade your OBDeleven to a professional tool.


OBDeleven device becomes a professional tool upgraded with a 12-month PRO subscription, which unlocks the functionality of advanced diagnostic systems for all VAG group cars: Audi, Volkswagen, Seat, Skoda, Lamborghini, and Bentley. Operating with easy to use application it allows you to fully access all car systems, program, monitor, and activate various functions via your smartphone.


OBDeleven is the FIRST Third-party diagnostic tool that allows real-time SFD unlock for the customization of the newest VAG models.


After purchase, the PRO Plan code will be sent to your email.


Free OBDEleven Pro Key (I bought it already)


Like an idiot, I lost the key included in the OBDEleven package I purchased, and thus had to buy a new one via the app (after searching high and low for it, of course). Naturally a day after I do so, I find it down the side of the car seat. typical.


So I have a spare OBDEleven Pro activation key - and I'd hate for it to go to waste, so I'm sharing it here. First person to redeem it, gets it!


If you could post a reply so others know it's been redeemed (and so a mod can lock this thread), I'd appreciate it.


OBDeleven PRO Activation code: FAFE8722EB21


Post by pxr5 on Dec 6, 2017 12:34:48 GMT


Post by theoldboy on Dec 6, 2017 12:41:50 GMT


Like an idiot, I lost the key included in the OBDEleven package I purchased, and thus had to buy a new one via the app (after searching high and low for it, of course). Naturally a day after I do so, I find it down the side of the car seat. typical.


So I have a spare OBDEleven Pro activation key - and I'd hate for it to go to waste, so I'm sharing it here. First person to redeem it, gets it!


If you could post a reply so others know it's been redeemed (and so a mod can lock this thread), I'd appreciate it.


OBDeleven PRO Activation code: FAFE8722EB21


Varka that is very kind of you to share this, good to see there are still nice people out there.


Happy Xmas to you and yours


Shoutbox


Please don't use the shoutbox for complex questions! For those questions please create a thread in the right subforum.


sim: Anyone know what this error means = > Function cancelled, marginal conditions have not been met when trying to apply an adaptation (wlan enable) Mar 7, 2023 9:08:42 GMT


ruinalin22: Good morning DV52, I'm from Brazil and I have the VW Passat Sedan B8 2018/2019, I would like to activate the feature of "Urban Joke" in the rear blinkers of my Passat by Obdeleven2. Would it be possible for you to pass me the necessary change parameters?. Mar 8, 2023 11:23:30 GMT


pjlstg: Hello,i have obdeleven basic on my sportsvan 2018;how i found battery data (voltage,capacity. ) on my smartphone obdeleven appli?. thanks Mar 12, 2023 8:06:02 GMT


ddub: hi i have no spark, codes 03020, 01321, 00473. an electrician guide me to the right module.. 2010 a4 premium plus fwd, i unplugged everything and had the engine out, only one coil has spark now, new to obdelevel device also. Mar 14, 2023 21:47:03 GMT *


elijah: New to long coding, trying to code Westfalia Trailer 13 pin electrics, what does STG mean? i see this a lot in reference to long coding? I can see it is Short to ground? but what does this actually mean? Mar 15, 2023 15:39:14 GMT


saaadu: HI, i have a problem with confort window via key fob on golf mk7 nar , i alredy do the long coding all changes and adaptations and still not working Mar 18, 2023 13:59:52 GMT


finneriksen: Mysterious that I'm the only one who has this problem?, 
or is there no one who has experience with OBDeleven pro? Mar 18, 2023 20:00:32 GMT


whataboutthis: finneriksen you have put question in chat box with no context to what your issue is. Mar 19, 2023 8:51:55 GMT


luis600: Can anyone help how to activate needle sweep and turn off seat belt warning on audi a6/a7 MY 2018+ , I dont want to use one click app I want to code manualy Mar 20, 2023 14:28:45 GMT *


jmr3: 2015 Superb 3 showing code P05A00 Active Grille Air Shutter A Stuck On.Any info on what kind of problem this is? is it Serious?,does it need immediate attention? What happens if its neglected? Is it a difficult repair? Thanks in advance for your he Mar 23, 2023 13:30:00 GMT


quentin16564: This may be a long shot but i'm having the same issue with the TPMS dispaly not showing up after i savet the long coding and adapations. Did you figure out how to fix it? Mar 25, 2023 14:49:27 GMT


moonfrog: Does anyone have the CD and VIM functions working on an Audi A5 MY2017? I’ve tried, but neither seems to work Mar 29, 2023 12:42:16 GMT


chrispie: Where / how can I file an IOS bug report? I see that the topic for 1.9.7 is (pad) locked Mar 30, 2023 11:35:47 GMT


whyknot: how do i calibrate my fuel gauged on my 2017 golf r. it wont show full when i fill it up?? Mar 30, 2023 20:44:13 GMT


whataboutthis: chrispie you need to be running the latest version of the software 1.9.12 and then report you bug in that thread. Mar 30, 2023 21:46:07 GMT *


chrispie: WHATABOUTTHIS: I'm running 1.9.12 allright but i don't see a burgeport thread or folder for this version Mar 31, 2023 9:28:49 GMT *


jack641: Has anyone fitted the trip buttons to a seat ibiza 6j mk4 that originally did not have the trip buttons? Apr 3, 2023 12:34:47 GMT
