Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=771144



Offroad Outlaws 4+


Mud. Dirt. Rocks. Multiplayer. Trucks. Customizations. Diesel swaps. Quads. Crawlers. SxS. Free. It goes on and on. Stop reading, just download now!


Offroad Outlaws gives you what you want in an off-road game: Complete control over how you build, setup, and drive your rig, tons of challenges to complete, and multiplayer so you can explore the open-world trails with your friends.


CONTROL
You build your rig the way you want it. You have total control over chassis setup - stiffness, damping, travel, etc. and can even swap to a different type of suspension if you want (want a modern truck with an I-Beam setup in front, and a solid axle in back? No problem.) For vehicle control you're given Tilt, Arrow, or on-screen Steering wheel controls. You choose!


DRIVE
With several maps to choose from you can drive your rig slow across challenging rock routes, or fast over the flat sands of the desert. Want to take a break from the trails? Go play in the stunt park where you can use the ramps to "test" your rig's durability.


MULTIPLAYER
Explore the trails with your friends or other players, or battle it out in the capture-the-flag mode! Race up mountains, rock trails, or through rivers with friends!


MORE
Want to create your own map? Offroad Outlaws comes with a built in MAP EDITOR. No other mobile game can even come close to this. Build your OWN MAP and share it with the community, and also enjoy the never-ending possibilities of playing on other player's maps.


Note: By joining as an Offroad Outlaws Member, you are agreeing to an auto-renewing monthly subscription plan (unless auto-renew is turned off) that will automatically be charged every month through your iTunes account for $4.99 within 24 hours prior to the end of the current subscription period. You will be charged $4.99 for the first month immediately after your purchase is confirmed. To manage this subscription, or turn auto-renewal off, go to Account Settings after purchase.


Bristol Dirt Entry Lists: April 2023 (NASCAR)


NASCAR entry lists for the Bristol Motor Speedway dirt track


They’ve covered the half-mile oval of Bristol Motor Speedway in dirt. This weekend, the Tennessee dirt track will host the NASCAR Cup Series and NASCAR Truck Series.


View the Bristol entry list for NASCAR weekend below.


Dirt late model stars Jonathan Davenport and Tyler Carpenter will each run in the NASCAR Truck Series event. Davenport is doubled up as he’ll also race in the NASCAR Cup Series race.


Bristol Motor Speedway
Entry List
April 9, 2023
NASCAR Cup Series


1. #1 Ross Chastain
Trackhouse Racing


2. #2 Austin Cindric
Team Penske


3. #3 Austin Dillon
Richard Childress Racing


4. #4 Kevin Harvick
Stewart-Haas Racing


5. #5 Kyle Larson
Hendrick Motorsports


6. #6 Brad Keselowski
RFK Racing


7. #7 Corey LaJoie
Spire Motorsports


8. #8 Kyle Busch
Richard Childress Racing


9. #9 Josh Berry
Hendrick Motorsports


10. #10 Aric Almirola
Stewart-Haas Racing


11. #11 Denny Hamlin
Joe Gibbs Racing


12. #12 Ryan Blaney
Team Penske


13. #13 Jonathan Davenport
Kaulig Racing
