Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=8291750



Can I Present the Same Deck or List to Different Groups?


Yes! You can present any Deck or Vocabulary List (when you sign in with a Google account) to an unlimited number of times to any group.


Present a File Again


When you create a Deck (a slide presentation) or a Vocabulary List, the file is stored in either your Google Drive if you login with a Google account, or your OneDrive if you login with a Microsoft 365 account. You can open it, edit it, and present it as much as you like. Each time your present the Deck or List and collect responses, this information is automatically saved as its own Session, which you can review later in your Sessions menu. Here are the ways to present a file again:



  
Present again from Pear Deck Home. Click on the Deck title to open the Deck menu. Then click Start Presenting to start a new Session.



  
Present from the Pear Deck for PowerPoint Online Add-in



  
Present from the Pear Deck for Google Slides Add-on



  
Present again from the Vocabulary editor (available when you sign in with a Google account). Click on the List title to open it in the editor, then click Play Flashcard Factory to start a new Flashcard Factory game.




End a Session


When you're done presenting a List, simply close the browser window. When you are done presenting a Deck, click the END button. Or, click the More Actions (three-dots) button on the Navigation Bar and select End This Session.


Now you can name this Session. A Session is a single presentation of a Deck that contains the student responses you collected. Like Decks, Sessions are saved automatically - but they're easier to find if you name them.



Find the Session Later


All Sessions are saved automatically in your Pear Deck Home Sessions menu.


Pear Deck for Microsoft


The fastest way to transform presentations into classroom conversations


Imagine if you could engage every student in your class, every day. What if you could instantly see who’s confused and who’s ready for more? That’s the power of Pear Deck. While Pear Deck has always worked with Google Apps for Education, now teachers at schools using Microsoft Office 365 apps like PowerPoint Online and Teams can add the magic of formative assessments and interactive questions to their classroom experience.


See how it works


Design engaging lessons


Open up the Pear Deck Add-in for PowerPoint Online
‍Design a brand-new lesson or open an existing presentation from OneDrive. No waiting for uploads or worrying about file sizes.


Create your own custom activity or question. Use Text, Number Response, Multiple Choice, and Web Slide questions to engage students. Upgrade to Pear Deck Premium to add Drawing and Draggable™ response types. 


Present with Pear Deck


Start your presentation and students will join your Pear Deck Session from any device with a web browser. As you advance your slides, students will be prompted to answer your questions! Students’ answers can be displayed anonymously on the classroom projector, so instead of worrying about getting the right answer and feeling silly in front of peers, your students are putting ideas out there in a safe, anonymous way, discussing, and learning from each other.


GO DEEPER WITH THE TEACHER DASHBOARD


The Dashboard is a private view that gives teachers insight into each student's progress. As an instructor, you can quickly see each individual student response on the Teacher Dashboard.


Highlight good examples or common misconceptions with the star button. Noticing a lot of wrong answers? Adapt! Take a pause, back up, re-explain.


The Teacher Dashboard shows you more confidential information about each student and can be opened on private screen or separate tablet. Student answers when shown on the projector will always be anonymous, giving kids a safe way to answer and participate in front of their peers. 


Invite teachers to your shared Teacher Dashboard


This feature enables teachers using Pear Deck Premium to share Session controls and valuable student insight with other designated educators, including student teachers, special educators, co-teachers, or even substitutes. With a real-time view of individual student work and the ability to guide and provide direct feedback, educators teaching together can better support the diverse needs of learners everywhere!


🎉 A NEW PEAR DECK EXPERIENCE WITH MICROSOFT TEAMS 🎉


With the Pear Deck Add-in for Teams teachers can start a Pear Deck session directly from within Teams! Just open a new tab, choose Pear Deck, select the lesson you want to launch from your PowerPoint files and voilà! A new Pear Deck session is ready to go and your Teacher Dashboard view is already embedded, giving you total control over the lesson.


Students will automatically see a notification that the Pear Deck session has started and they can join the session directly from within Teams. No wasted time directing students to a new website or getting a code. Just a fast, seamless experience and a classroom of students with you and ready to learn.


Introduction to Peardeck


Peardeck is a digital tool that integrates with Microsoft Office to help teachers create engaging PowerPoint content for lectures. The tool allows teachers to create or edit their presentations directly from Microsoft. Users can choose from a selection of templates or build content from scratch. By combining presentations with interactive elements, the tool helps advance inquiry-based learning and promote active learning in the classroom. It works well for face-to-face or asynchronous online courses.


Peardeck allows instructors to get creative with how students are engaging with their lecture material. From simple student response questions to more complex drawing and reflective responses, Peardeck functions directly within your PowerPoint slides by providing a short code for students to join from any web-based device. Whether you are teaching face-to-face or offering the lecture asynchronously online, instructors will have access to the student response data in order to make informed decisions about their instruction. Check out some additional ways to use Peardeck:



  
Design, assign, and deliver lessons with interactive content

  
Build new, or adapt existing, lessons with instructionally effective templates

  
Choose between instructor or student-paced mode

  
Use real-time formative assessments to adjust instruction and monitor student participation

  
Prompt critical thinking and empathy through discussion and debate

  
Drive metacognition with real-time feedback

  
Use the new audio feature to guide pronunciation of challenging words, for courses such as medical terminology.

  
Check out more Cool Things You Can Do from Peardeck




Peardeck’s design is driven by instructional strategies proven to positively impact student learning. Many of these strategies stem from peer-reviewed research within learning sciences.



  
Active Learning. Engage students in the learning process by offering interactive prompts between sharing content. Using the anonymous response system, instructors can share the responses to facilitate rich discussions with students.

  
Formative Assessment. When responses are shared, students receive real-time feedback into their learning, which allows ample time for processing. It can also prompt the instructor to make quick adaptations to their instruction to meet the needs of students in the moment. This will allow the instructor to see aggregate responses to get a pulse of where students are at as well as manage student responses post class-session to see who needs additional support.

  
Retrieval Practice. There are four question types available for instructors including agree/disagree, free response with short or long text, multiple choice with true or false, or drawing questions/responses in a free space. By integrating Peardeck into a PowerPoint presentation, it allows students to retrieve information and recall what they are learning in the moment. Retrieval practice is related to active learning in that students are prompted to actively think about and process information they have previously learned in a low-stakes environment.

  
Deeper Learning. The premade templates from Peardeck prompt instructors to offer opportunities during their class session to develop critical thinking and complex problem-solving skills. The interactive response types built into Peardeck make it easy for teachers to change how students are prompted to answer or process their thoughts.

