Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7111628



Available Now


Survey, catch, and research wild Pokémon in a long-gone era of Sinnoh to complete the region’s first Pokédex.


Notice: If you click on the YouTube video above, you will leave Pokemon.com. The Pokémon Company International is not responsible for the content of any linked website that is not operated by The Pokémon Company International. Please note that these websites' privacy policies and security practices may differ from The Pokémon Company International's standards.


Daybreak, a free content update for Pokémon Legends: Arceus, is available now!


A gift to celebrate Pokémon Day!​


Decidueye, Typhlosion, and Samurott appear in their Hisuian forms!


The adventure through the Sinnoh region has been reborn on the Nintendo Switch™ system!


Game footage is not final. Screenshots and game footage are from a title under development. Any Nintendo Switch Online membership (sold separately) and Nintendo Account required for online features. Not available in all countries. Internet access required for online features. Terms apply. ©2022 Pokémon. ©1995–2022 Nintendo / Creatures Inc. / GAME FREAK inc. Nintendo Switch and the Nintendo Switch logo are trademarks of Nintendo.


The Pokémon Company International is not responsible for the content of any linked website that is not operated by The Pokémon Company International. Please note that these websites' privacy policies and security practices may differ from The Pokémon Company International's standards.


Pokélab for Legends Arceus 4+


Pokélab is an all-in-one companion for Pokémon Legends Arceus. It has all the features you need to catch them all!


Checklists for:
— Research tasks
— Pokémon caught
— Shiny Pokémon
— Alpha Pokémon
— Shiny Alpha Pokémon
— Research level 10
— Research 100%
— Path of Solitude
— Favorite Pokémon


Team Builder:
— Build your team (or your dream team!)
— Customize moves, shiny status, and more 
— See your teams / trainer cards


Search and Sort:
— Search by Pokémon name, number, color, or type
— Search by research tasks, evolution items, and more
— Filter by research, shiny, alpha, and more
— Sort by name, number, weight, and more


Pokémon Details:
— Locations
— Evolutions
— Foods liked
— Items dropped
— Base stats
— Path of Solitude opponents
— Weaknesses and resistances
— Learned moves and shop moves
— Name, number, weight, height, shiny


Moves and Items:
— Power, accuracy, PP, category
— Pokémon who can learn each move
— Items and where to find them


Where to Find:
— Wisps
— Unown
— Old verses
— Alpha Pokémon
— Legendary Pokémon


Pokélab is a free educational companion to help fans get the most enjoyment out of the games, and to help you catch them all! This app is unofficial and not affiliated, endorsed, or supported by Nintendo, Game Freak, or the Pokémon Company.
