Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=692320



Project Qt Mod Apk v16.0 (Unlimited Gems & Coins)


Project qt mod apk is based on anime stories that is developed by the famous anime game developer natuku. It is an adventure as well as action game that will give you the opportunity to enjoy two in one scenarios. Here you have to perform different tasks and after completing these tasks you will move further for better and harder adventures.


As we mentioned above, here you will enjoy both fighting and romance with beautiful girls that have come from other planets to help you to stop the spreading of infection. Due to some harsh enemies an infection is spreading around your country and you alone are not capable of stopping that infection. That is why some cute girls will come from the other planet to help you out. With the whole army of cute girls your duty will be to save your peoples and country from the infection.



Name Project Qt Mod ApkSize82 MBDeveloper5AndroUpdated3 Days AgoAverage Rating4.9Rating Count2384623Mod FeaturesUnlimited Gems & Coins 



Gameplay Of Project Qt Apk


After spreading of infection first of all the project qt mod apk v16 girls will join you from the other planet. You both will make a team and after creating a strong team you have to fight against your enemies that are spreading the infections without any reason. It may look simple but it is a little bit of a hard task that can only be done with the help of these cute girls.


At every level in the game your army will fight against the army of your enemies and time will decide who is the winner. It’s necessary to become a winner and it is possible only when your army is strong. In the start of the game all the characters will be rewarded to you with normal powers but as the time will pass it will be your duty to upgrade your army for fighting well against your enemies.


The previous versions of the game such as project qt mod apk v14 and v15 were also embedded with a lot of interesting features but project qt mod apk v16 is more interesting and exciting than the previous versions. If you are a romance lover then don’t be worried because after winning a fight these anime girls will also create romantic scenes with you. For further information move down with us to know something more interesting about the features project qt mod apk latest version 2022.


Top Features Of Project Qt Mod Menu


Unlimited Gems


The first and very rare feature of this game is unlimited gems. Due to a high class and most famous games all the items in the game are purchasable. Without purchasing them with real money you can use them for free. That’s why most project qt lovers are not able to enjoy this game completely.


But for the ease of our visitors the developers of this website have created a modified version of the game that contains unlimited gems in it. Unlimited gems are especially made for those who want to unlock new levels and upgrade their game characters free of cost. After checking it for a week I decided to give the review of this mod version. According to me it is awesome and completely safe from security hazards.


Everything in the game is totally free and you can do any upgrades according to your own wish. These unlimited upgrades will help you to fight with full power against your enemies. So grab the premium version free of cost and wait for the next update for more features.


Without Ads


Another amazing feature of this modified version is that it is totally ads free. The mod developers have tried hard on it to vanish the inappropriate ads in it that disturb the gamers. So tell me is it not amazing? Absolutely it is fully awesome because this mod version grants us unlimited money and adds free features to enjoy the game properly.


English Version


As an anime game at the start this game was released in japanese. The storyline of the game was very interesting and every gamer from the world had a wish to play this game but due to language issues most of the players got depressed. Later its english version was also released on the demands of its users but the mod english version is not released until today.


Here is good news for mod lovers because the file of the game on this website also has many languages of the world, especially english. Simply this website is providing you project qt mod apk unlimited gems english version that is unpredictable. But yes this website has done this and is granting you these special features free of cost.


Upgrade Your Characters


Character upgradation is a must in the game. In the start all the characters will be with normal powers and skills. But after completing some tasks and levels your enemies will also become more stronger and then it is necessary to upgrade your armed girls after with unlimited gems.


Here is the menu in the game that is especially made to increase the powers of characters and their appearance. This upgrade can be done only with gems and you already have unlimited gems due to the mod version. So now it’s your duty to upgrade your character’s powers and appearance as soon as possible.


Every girl has its unique skills and abilities. Here you have to upgrade your characters one by one according to their needs. You can do it easily due to availability of unlimited gems and some other mod features.


Conclusion


First I tried the original version and then I tried the mod version of project qt mod apk to clear the modifications that were added by the developers of this website. By checking their latest version I can say that the mod version is 100% more suitable for everyone.


This version also has extra features in it that demand real money in the original version. On the other hand we can’t deny the gameplay of the game because it gives us two in one experience and also gives us a taste of romance that is so interesting in this little store.


FAQs


For making the characters stronger you have to upgrade your character levels. As their level increases, there are more chances to win against your powerful enemies.


Project qt has different types of arenas in it and each arena has 12 stages in it.


Characters can be upgraded up to level 5. In the start each character has level 1. After getting achievements and upgrades their level increases from time to time. As more as the level of a character will make him stronger.


Project QT mod 13.0 Unlocked Character/Free Skill


Project QT (MOD, Unlocked Character / Free Skill) is a famous game released by Nutaku. Most of the games released by this developer are known for their sensitive images and are intended for players over the age of 18. This is the strength and the reason why all the games developed by this publisher are loved by adult players.


However, Project QT stands out from other games because it is based on anime culture. With an attractive storyline and gameplay, the game is sure to satisfy players who are passionate about this cultural genre.


Plot


This game possesses a clear and simple plot for the player. In the future world, the race in technology has pushed humanity's ambition to reach beyond Earth to an ever higher level. A series of experiments have been conducted to study cosmic black holes. However, an accident happened to the scientists when their experiment connected the Earth with another dimension.


The accident accidentally became a declaration of war against the creatures on the other side of the black hole. These creatures are beautiful girls who are intent on invading our world. After the crash, the world turned into chaos when other races started to invade our planet on their spaceships.


Against this backdrop, a group of Earth's attractive girls have gathered and fought against those who are threatening the peace of the world. Your mission is to recruit these girls into a powerful and highly combative team to repel the invaders.


Beautiful alien girls


In my opinion, the most attractive point for you to play this game is that you can collect warriors that you have defeated in battle. To hasten the invasion of Earth, the enemy army is divided into several battle groups with a commander in each team. Defeat these squads then you can bring back beautiful commanders for your collection.


You can use these warriors to fight to protect our world or participate in other missions. These tasks will be detailed instructions at the start of the game.


Fight with other players


You can join this game with your family and friends or anyone in the world because this game supports players to compete online. Not only that, the game has special modes to help players compete against each other. It's the best way to learn how to upgrade their warriors or earn yourself valuable items.


Some other features


Most of your enemies are weak. However, they are led by true warriors with excellent fighting skills. They were called the Elite Army. Acquiring and training them to fight to protect our Earth is the best way for you to own a powerful army and win the game.


In addition to the battlefields, the game also has an extremely attractive and constantly updated event system. Players can participate in these events to buy equipment for warriors and upgrade them. The large number of events will make players not bored when playing Project QT.


Graphics


Without a doubt, Project QT is definitely at the top of the list of games with the best graphics on anime. The fiery battles and beautiful moves have been combined with the chibi drawings of the warriors to bring the ultimate entertainment to the players.


The game's graphics are almost flawless. When fighting, the generals will be drawn with chibi graphics to optimize their abilities. And when in default mode, mangaka graphics will be used so that players can see the charming warriors in the most eye-catching way.


Download Project QT Apk + Mod for Android


If you love anime and are a fan of fighting games, Project QT is the game for you. You will not be able to stop once you join because its attraction is too great. Download this game now to control the beautiful warriors and participate in the war to protect the peace of the Earth.
