Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=2946437



Plants vs Zombies 2


Plants vs Zombies 2 - the second part of the confrontation of the representatives of the plant world and the living dead. At first glance, there are almost no differences from the original. Game mechanics and characters are the same. Fans of the first game easily adapt to the gameplay. But it didn’t change without any changes: the game has improved graphics, a large number of new enemies, new locations and the main feature - time shifting.


The plot of the game starts in ancient Egypt, then the action takes place in the bay of pirates, and all ends in the Wild West. The fight against the invasion of zombies is not easy, you need almost perfect passing levels to get more game currency and the opening of new stages. For play money, you can purchase upgrades, new deadly varieties of vegetation and other items that make the passage easier. With a shortage of resources, you can resort to attracting real money.


Nice graphics again pleases the eye. New characters complement the already colorful world. The developers have tightened its detailing and development. At a high level performed and musical accompaniment. Plants vs Zombies 2 is an example of a sequel in which the creators multiplied the advantages of the original and worked on eliminating flaws.


jiangnangame/PVZ2PAK


This commit does not belong to any branch on this repository, and may belong to a fork outside of the repository.


Name already in use


A tag already exists with the provided branch name. Many Git commands accept both tag and branch names, so creating this branch may cause unexpected behavior. Are you sure you want to create this branch?


Sign In Required


Please sign in to use Codespaces.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching Xcode


If nothing happens, download Xcode and try again.


Launching Visual Studio Code


Your codespace will open once ready.


There was a problem preparing your codespace, please try again.


Latest commit


Git stats


Files


Failed to load latest commit information.


README.md 


PVZ2PAK is the best mod of PVZ1 which restores PVZ2 by JiangNanGame . We modify the files in PVZ1 including image, animate and program files to make it look like PVZ2.


We have developed PVZ2PAK since 2013, and it's fully completed in July, 2020. Previously, we have been sharing it on some Chinese websites. Now, we upload it to GitHub, hoping more people can experience our work.


PVZ2PAK is free. We welcome everyone who follows The Changjiang River License to improve it after we stop updating and maintaining it.


PVZ2PAK has a small software to change some images such as the clothes of plants in PVZ2PAK.


We developed PVZ2PAK only for learning purposes. You must not use the program for commercial purposes, otherwise the legal issues should be resolved by yourself.


Please support Genuine PVZ by Popcap Games.


About


This is the best mod of PVZ1 which restore PVZ2.


Plants vs. Zombies 2 Hacking Tools


These tools may provide of some use if one were to modify or hack Plant vs. Zombies 2. There will be some tools which may be difficult to use, so I just may create separate pages on how to use them.


PC Applications



  
Usage guide

  
Discord server: spc club

  
Creator's GitHub (for issues & older versions): China-smallpc

  
Video tutorial (outdated): Bilibili | original (privated).




Huang Chong Hong Hua (rtor)


Userfriendly & shows errors after execution.



  
↑ Note: PvZ2Tool is falsely detected as having a virus. So turn off your anti-virus or set it to trust this file when trying to use it.




Mobile Applications

 Name Description Author Download  PVZTOOL An Android equivalent to SPCUlti. It has several functions which can help convert RTONs/JSONs, images, pack/unpack and such. Instructions on how to use it are included. SmallPC  Download  APK Editor An app which allows one to modify the contents of an APK and repackage it with the modified content. SteelWorks  Download  APK Editor Pro The Pro version of the application above. It has upgraded features than the free version. SteelWorks  Download  HEX Editor A simple hex editor which can edit files. Although free, it does have ads. First Row  Download  Lucky Patcher A 3rd party app which can modify APK files, such as remove license verifications or enable In-App emulation. ChelpuS  Download  Game Hacker A memory editor for mobile devices. Although not as powerful as GameGuardian, navigation is a bit faster. 烧饼哥  Download  GameGuardian Another memory editor for mobile devices. Is equipped with more features than SB Gamer Hacker, although navigation can be rather slow. d2dyno  Download 
