Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=6901211



Club Penguin Army Wiki


We're slowly getting back into action. Join our team here, and read the latest update here.


Club Penguin Rewritten


Club Penguin Rewritten


Platform


Members


Club Penguin Rewritten was a popular remake of the online-based and massively multiplayer role-playing game Club Penguin.


Since its launch, Club Penguin Rewritten had accumulated over 1.8 million users.


On February 26th, 2018, it was announced that the game would be discontinued on March 4th, 2018.


The game was discontinued on March 4th, 2018 and recontinued on April 27th, 2018. Club Penguin Rewritten continued to be a popular Club Penguin private server until it shut down once again on April 13, 2022.


Contents


History


After the announcement of the imminent closure of Club Penguin, Club Penguin Rewritten was founded to preserve and bring life back to the game that was a part of so many childhoods.


Club Penguin Rewritten (CPR) is an unofficial recreation of the original Club Penguin, created to replicate the experience. It is based on the Generation 1-2 era (2005 - 2008 / 2008 - 2012), and thus it uses the same style and design. Club Penguin Rewritten strives to be accurate and true to the original and classic Club Penguin, but it also adds new content to improve the experience of the game.


There was also an Item Transfer program that would transfer a player's original Penguin Age from Club Penguin over to a penguin from Club Penguin Rewritten, and give party hats according to the age of the original penguin. It was due to last until Club Penguin closed, but it only lasted from March 22nd to March 23rd (approximately a full day) due to Disney's discovery of the program. The program was originally meant to transfer all items from Club Penguin, but this was decided against by the community in a Twitter poll as penguins from Club Penguin with hacked items would also be transferred.


After only 30 days, the game gained 10,000 registered accounts and had its own wiki. The site reached 50,000 registered accounts on April 2nd, 2017, and reached 100,000 registered accounts only three days later, on April 5th, 2017.


The site was down from April 14th to 19th before being re-opened, and a password change option was made available which the CPR Team recommended using.


On August 8th, 2017 to August 10th, 2017, the site was down due to a large DDoS attack. This was because a Private Server named "Club Pingu" used their database in order to attack CPR and other CPPS to try to access accounts. Club Pingu also threatened some CPR YouTubers to stream their game or Club Pingu would try to shut down all other Private Servers.


The site reached 1,000,000 registered accounts on October 4th, 2017.


On October 10th, 2017, Disney Interactive filed a complaint against Club Penguin Rewritten. Due to this, the game's domain had to be changed which took place five days later on October 15th, 2017.


On January 3rd, 2018, January 19th, 2018, and January 21st, 2018, the website was closed for maintenance.


On February 21st, 2018, it was announced that Club Penguin Rewritten was going to shut down because of threats, but the following day afterwards, it was announced that the game was going to continue. Additionally, control of the @CPRewritten Twitter account was regained.


On February 26th, 2018, it was confirmed that Club Penguin Rewritten would shut down on March 4th, 2018 and never return. This would mean that the website, the game, account data, and more would be gone forever, with all important information such as emails and passwords being wiped for security reasons. On March 4th, 2018, Club Penguin Rewritten was discontinued at 14:00 Penguin Standard Time.


On the 27th of April 2018, Club Penguin Rewritten was re-opened.


The Server reached 2,000,000 accounts on June 2nd, 2018.


On April 13, 2022, Club Penguin Rewritten shut down per a "full request" by Disney. Furthermore, the organization voluntarily gave up its website to the City of London Police as part of an investigation by the latter.


Trivia



  
Club Penguin Rewritten was originally planned to be set in the modern era with no updates, but this concept was scrapped.

  
Several famous characters such as Jet Pack Guy, DJ Maxx and Rory are mascots exclusive to Club Penguin Rewritten as custom content.

  
There were parties that were announced prior to the unexpected closure message, the party that was supposed to be taking place after the Penguin Play Awards was the Puffle Party, but instead, it was replaced by the Waddle On Party.




 2greatclearancesale 


Mission 1 Case of the Missing Puffles Club Penguin Rewritten Cheats 2020. How do you fix telescope on club penguin? Club penguin how to fix telescope?


How To Exit The Telescope In Club Penguin Look around, and you see a brown penguin crying from drantshy.blogspot.com


Click on the tools button on your spy phone and click on the wrench and press the telescope. Drag the wrench over to the tripod. This will fix the telescope.


Source: kolisuryanto.blogspot.com


When you speak with the penguin, he will ask you to assist him in repairing his telescope. On club penguin mission 2 how do.


Source: drantshy.blogspot.com


All you’ll need to do is wander over to him, open your spy phone, and press tools. On mission 1 you have to open up your spy phone and click on the red light near the top.


When you speak with the penguin, he will ask you to assist him in repairing his telescope. How do you fix the telescope on club penguin rewritten?


Source: drantshy.blogspot.com


Why does club penguin not work? On mission 1 you have to open up your spy phone and click on the red light near the top.


Source: kolisuryanto.blogspot.com


On mission 1 you have to open up your spy phone and click on the red light near the top. When you speak with the penguin, he will ask you to assist him in repairing his telescope.


Source: drantshy.blogspot.com


On club penguin mission 2 how do you. Click on one of the.


Source: kolisuryanto.blogspot.com


Drag the wrench over to the tripod with. To adjust his telescope, go to your spy phone and choose “tools” from the menu.


Source: ilhamremus.blogspot.com


To adjust his telescope, go to the ‘tools’ menu on your spy phone and choose it. How do you fix telescope on club penguin?


Source: drantshy.blogspot.com


Why does club penguin not work? To fix his telescope, go to your spy phone and press tools.


Source: bobaandjango126sclubpenguincheats.blogspot.com


How do you fix telescope on club penguin? Drag the wrench over to the tripod with.


Source: drantshy.blogspot.com


On club penguin mission 2 how do you. Then you drag the spanner/whatever to the telescope.


Source: kolisuryanto.blogspot.com


On club penguin mission 2 how do. To adjust his telescope, go to your spy phone and choose “tools” from the menu.


Source: cprewritten.wordpress.com


On club penguin mission 2 how do you. Click on the tools button on your spy phone and click on the wrench and press the telescope.


From here, you can select the spanner and simply. How do you fix the telescope on club penguin rewritten?


Source: drantshy.blogspot.com


To adjust his telescope, go to your spy phone and choose “tools” from the menu. All you’ll need to do is wander over to him, open your spy phone, and press tools.


Click On One Of The.


Club penguin how to fix telescope? How do you fix the telescope on club penguin rewritten? On mission 1 you have to open up your spy phone and click on the red light near the top.


Click On The Tools Button On Your Spy Phone And Click On The Wrench And Press The Telescope.


Talk to the penguin, and he will ask you to fix his telescope. This will fix the telescope. Sorry it is really quite easy, all you do is click on your spy phone and click on your spanner or whatever you want to call it.


To Adjust His Telescope, Go To The ‘Tools’ Menu On Your Spy Phone And Choose It.


Then you drag the spanner/whatever to the telescope. How to get a teal puffin in club penguin; To adjust his telescope, go to the ‘tools’ menu on your spy phone and choose it.


When You Speak With The Penguin, He Will Ask You To Assist Him In Repairing His Telescope.


R>you can fix problems in many ways. # call the police # ask opinions from your neighbors, family, and friends # consult your doctor # go to a local hardware store and find the correct. Drag the wrench over to the tripod with.


Click On The Tools Button On Your Spy Phone And Click On The Wrench And Press The Telescope.


To adjust his telescope, go to your spy phone and choose “tools” from the menu. To adjust his telescope, go to your spy phone and choose “tools” from the menu. How do you fix the telescope on club penguin rewritten?


Rewritten club penguin


Welcome to Club Penguin Armies, the leading league organisation and news source for the Club Penguin army community. Revived in July 2022, we provide premier news coverage and updates, a dedicated Discord channel, weekly Top Tens, community tournaments and more. Our league is run by the armies of the community to ensure a representative system that benefits the community.


Archives


Home » Five Years Of Golden Triumphs: Templars Celebrate Their Fifth Anniversary 


Five Years Of Golden Triumphs: Templars Celebrate Their Fifth Anniversary


Hundreds of nights and knights is what it took for the Templars to finally reach the five year milestone. The golden knights are set to celebrate their fifth anniversary on April 4th, in their own unique style.


Xing created the Templars on April 4th, 2018. In an inkling of their future aggressive ways, the army launched into a war against the Elite Guardians and won it within a month. Following a period of inactivity due to a deface, the knights resurrected themselves on June 4th. Within three days, the army went to war against the Rebel Penguin Federation . This skirmish proved to be the precursor of the historic World War VII, between the Red Dawn Alliance and the Rebel Penguin Federation.


Templars in a battle against the Elite Guardians


Following conflicts with the Elite Guardians and the New Viking Alliance, the Templars moved from the Club Penguin Online Army League to Club Penguin Rewritten. However, they returned to the league in July 2019, and went on to dominate the map. The leaders adopted a philosophy of being the protector of small armies. Throughout the year, the knights jousted with armies like the Help Force , the Doritos , the Royals and the Ice Warriors .


In May 2020, the Templars moved back to Club Penguin Rewritten, and gradually grew their power with multiple server invasions. However, these conquests proved detrimental to their reputation within the small army community. The knights were brought to their knees by the Army of Club Penguin in a war that ended with a force treaty. Following an exile from the league, the Templars re-emerged as a dominant force in 2021.


Templars in the Fjord Frenzy tournament in 2020


The knights engaged in fierce skirmishes with virtually every army in the community, usually resulting in triumphs. Xing, the mastermind behind the Templars, emerged as the Person of the Year in 2021. The army’s growth during a period of community decline was largely credited to him. The golden knights emerged unscathed from several wars with armies like the Water Vikings , Special Weapons and Tactics , the Army of Club Penguin, and the Silver Empire . Following the dual war declarations from the Black Ice Alliance, the Templars left the Club Penguin Army Network league.


In 2022, the Templars demonstrated unparalleled dominance, breaking records and winning numerous wars and tournaments under the auspices of the new Club Penguin Armies organization. The golden knights once again showcased their active approach by engaging in wars with multiple armies. They won the New Year Bonanza , and entered into the penultimate stages of almost every major tournament since. They broke the Rebels’ record by consecutively holding the top position for twenty one weeks in a row since January 9th, 2022. The knights maintained the top position for a continuous 47 weeks. Furthermore, they topped the table for 49 out of the 51 weeks. Xing’s leadership skills and astuteness once again came through as he became the first individual to win the Person of the Year award twice. Racecar4 also received acclaim for his induction into the 2022 Legends.


Templars max 62 in an event


Their perfect run came to an end with  a multilogging exposé in January 2023 . Special Weapons and Tactics further rubbed salt in the Templars’ wounds by  forcing them to sign a treaty . The knights’ multilogging during the war enabled the force treaty. After Xing and Racecar’s retirements, Dawnables emerged as the main leader of the Templars. The current leadership team includes Moon, Maddie, Nicky, and Dawn. On April 1, Xing made an announcement regarding the fifth anniversary of the Templars. To celebrate their anniversary week, the Templars plan to engage in multiple practice battles. On April 4th, the Templars fought a practice battle against the Water Vikings, maxing 47.


Templars vs Water Vikings Practice Battle


Xing and Dawn talked to Club Penguin Armies and shared their thoughts on the army completing 5 years of activity.


Has the Templars army remained true to the goals envisioned by its creators five years ago?


Xing: Templars always has been staying true to its goal, templars has faced and seen all sorts of corruption throughout it’s 5 years of history in CPA. The goal has always been to uplift others within our armies and seek the best for the community through dominance and conventional means.
Dawn: I think that we’ve done good at completing the goals that were left to the leaders by our creators/advisors. We’ll always prioritize the goals that creators leave since they’re for the benefit of Templars as a whole. In general Templars wouldn’t run the way it does if we didn’t keep in mind the goals that Xing had in mind for us.


What do you think lies in the future of the army?


Xing: I think great things lie in the future for this army, especially without me leading as well. I believe we’ll retake that #1 spot another couple of times throughout this year, still proving that us Templars are always in it for the long haul and always have a #1 mentality.
Dawn: I think the future of Templars is very bright. We have been doing better since March Madness especially since all the leaders are on spring break and able to grind recruiting and registering. I think that we will be able to claim the LC trophy again and take back the #1 position sooner rather than later.


What does the Templars army mean to you?


Xing: The Templars mean a lot to me, I’ve been in it since I’ve been 13 with the belief Templars has been a higher calling for me. Evidently, it’s proven the same thing for others, a higher calling. All who do end up joining us will find that they’ve been called to a cause greater than themselves full well knowing that they and their army are the only ones who believe in the cause of fighting for a less corrupt and more authentic community.
Dawn: Templars means everything to me as a leader especially after Xing left there were demotivating moments. Templars is a representation of my determination to keep this army growing and on the right track. This army surprises me every single day. I never thought that I could genuinely lead Templars successfully without anyone’s help and somehow some way my leaders and I did the impossible. Templars also holds meaning to me because it’s proof that absolutely no one can predict the future. Everyone doubted us after Xing left, but we have proven to be a force to reckon with in this new generation.


Was the scheduling of battles for the entire anniversary week a deliberate plan or a coincidence?


Xing: It was planned by the leaders, full credit goes to Dawn and Nicky especially for setting up a sort of activity for the army. They know their troops very well.
Dawn: Credit for this week goes to Nicky, he’s more aware of Templars history than me xD. The events are to bring back vets and give back the vibes of old TCP (without being old TCP ofc) and having everyone enjoy themselves. This week brings together all generations of the Templars for all our events. Tuesday (tomorrow) is our big anniversary battle with Water Vikings where Templars turns five years old.


What are your most precious memories of the Templars?


Xing: 1. World War 7 Victory
2. Legends Cup Victory
3. Consistently reaching #1
Dawn: Well I wasn’t really here throughout the whole time Templars has existed whether its due to retirement or me in different armies, but it was an amazing feeling to win LC. It was my first time being in an army that wins a big tournament which is always a good feeling.


What are your plans to make the Templars achieve the future goals you mentioned earlier?


Xing: I’m here whenever the leaders need me, I’m assisting whenever they would like me to assist. I’d like to add that I am grateful for my time in the community and meeting everyone, although some have entirely flipped on me in my absence and had threw away everything that we’ve done together, I leave full well knowing I’ve fulfilled my goals dreams and ambitions with the best of friends within our army.
Dawn: Other than the obvious goals to do with recruiting and registering, I want to grow the community that TCP has and improve the army tactically. My main goals are to take back the #1 position on TT, win a tournament, and eventually later down the line win a war. I want to make sure I leave my mark on Templars, especially as the first leader to take control of Templars and return TCP to normal sizes after Xing’s many attempts to retire, and do it successfully without Xing’s help.


The Templars look all set to continue being a knightmare for all their enemies. Will their crusade to the top be successful? They did it before, and they look hungry to repeat their feats. Club Penguin Armies congratulates the Templars on their fifth anniversary and sends our best wishes for their future.


More Information


Filed under: Latest News | Tagged: Anniversary, Club Penguin Armies, CPA, Dawnables, TCP, Templars, Templars 5th Anniversary, Top Ten Record, Xing
