Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=6769435



How to play


Now if there is a game, you need to know how to play the game, so if you're curious how to play Assassin, you've come to the right place, read some information below.


How to use the knife


The knife is simple to use, if you tap or press left click with your knife equipped, you'll stab, but if holding left click, you will throw your knife.


There are cooldowns once you do an action, so use them wisely. 


What do I do if I'm on a game


Now you have a target to kill, when killing the target, you'll get a new target, but be aware, some players may be hunting you, here's some tips:


When someone follows you suspiciously, you can kill them. 


When someone is attempting to kill you by attempting to stab or throwing the knife indirectly at you, kill them immediately, some might do the same to troll or check if you're targeting them. 


Now when there is only you and someone, so that means 2 players left, you and your target, you can kill the target, also you can know your target's location but be aware, your target also knows where you are.


Roblox assassin games


Get ready to bring out your inner class clown and join in the fun. The Presentations Experience on Roblox is a fun and hilarious game where players role-play as students in a virtual classroom. One or two players are chosen to give a presentation while the rest try to interrupt in fun ways like yelling, partying, and farting.


The game also has lots of codes that you can use to keep the fun going. These codes will help you get points, gems and boosts. This guide lists all codes and explains how to redeem them in Roblox The Presentation Experience.


Related: Roblox, but codes are growing every second


All The Presentation Experience codes


Active The Presentation Experience Codes



  
Coffee — Reward: 60 points (New)

  
maxwellgut — Reward: 20 gems

  
human face spoiler — Reward: 5x point boost for 10 minutes

  
farty reward — Reward: 100 points

  
minimalgamespro — Reward: 25 points

  
UwU — Reward: 20 gems

  
Hallway — Reward: 10 Gems

  
Pencil — Reward: 100 points

  
100 MVISITS — Reward: 15 Gems

  
MILLIONS MEMBERS! — Reward: 10 gems and 5x XP boost for five minutes

  
There are no other teachers in the school because nobody wants to see the bad teacher — Reward: 10 Gems

  
nootnoot — Reward: 75 points

  
mega boost — Reward: 5x points for one minute

  
5 gems — Reward: 5 Gems

  
Toilet — Reward: 50 points

  
it’s about drive, it’s about power — Reward: 150 points

  
poop — Reward: 100 points

  
Nikko Coder — Reward: 50 points

  
bookworm — Reward: 80 points

  
code — Reward: 15 points

  
RAT — Reward: 25 points

  
teacher madcuzbad — Reward: 200 points




Expired The Presentation Experience Codes



  
CHRISTMAS GIFT— Reward: 39 Gems

  
Anfisanova — Reward: 25 points

  
Bababooeypoints — Reward: 50 points

  
180klikes — Reward: 10 Gems

  
easter right— Reward: 8 Gems

  
700kmembers — Reward: 10 gems and 5x point boost for 1 minute.

  
600kmembers — Reward: 2x boost for 5 minutes

  
175clicks — Reward: 10 gems and 5x point boost

  
150CLICKS

  
beat box — Reward: 30 points

  
sus — Reward: 30 points




Related: Roblox Dragon Soul Codes


How to Redeem Roblox The Presentation Experience Codes


If you’re having trouble figuring out where to redeem codes in The Presentation Experience, follow the steps below.



  
Launch The Presentation Experience on your device.

  
Click on the settings icon in the top left corner of your screen.

  
Select Codes from the menu.

  
In the popup, enter and redeem all working codes to get the rewards.




How to Get Roblox The Presentation Experience Codes from Discord


If you’re looking to get Roblox The Presentation Experience codes, there are two main places you can look: Discord and the game’s Roblox Group. Joining the official Discord server for the game is the best way to get codes as developers and moderators announce and share codes there for players to use. Another place to check is the Roblox group for The Presentation Experience where codes can be shared.


Why aren’t my Roblox The Presentation Experience codes working?


There can be two main reasons why your Roblox The Presentation Experience codes are not working:



  
Typing error: It is possible that you made a mistake when entering the code. Be sure to check the code for typos or inaccuracies.

  
Expired Codes: Roblox The Presentation Experience codes may have an expiration date and are no longer valid.




All badges and how to earn them in Roblox The Presentation Experience


Here are all five current badges in Roblox The Presentation Experience:



  
you visited: Join the game for the first time to earn this badge.

  
you presented: Give a presentation in the virtual classroom to get this badge.

  
Met a developer: Meet one of the developers in the game to get this special badge.

  
Epic student: Impress the virtual teacher by playing the game for 2 hours straight to earn 1000 free points and this badge.

  
Big Bunny escaped: Outwit Big Bunny and complete the Easter event to earn this badge.




What is Roblox The Presentation Experience?


Roblox The Presentation Experience is a game on the Roblox platform that allows players to take on the role of students in a classroom. One or more players give a presentation while the rest of the class tries to interrupt them with silly antics like yelling, partying, and farting. The game offers players a fun and entertaining way to interact with others and engage in a unique learning experience.
