Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=6027702



Sea of thieves hack


Sea Of Thieves External ESP v3


Works With Steam and Xbox Versions


well, it is about that time of the year when I release another one of these. 
removed some features too risky for public release.



  
Simple Menu

  
Custom Keybinds

  
All Items

  
Other Stuff



  
Insert - Open Menu

  
Right Click Box - Set Custom Keybind




 
Credits Igromanru 
MrManiak 
Godly 
Moose 
@coltonon - D2DOverlay


what the actual sheet you the best man <3


umm gummy cant click the download button :P nvm no approve yet


Please tell me it's only ESP. 
Releasing a public aimbot is a bad idea.


Anyway, great release, friend.


Please tell me it's only ESP. 
Releasing a public aimbot is a bad idea.


Anyway, great release, friend.


Dude you can literally see the aimbot on the screen the fov circle around his viewmodel thats the fov of the aimbot


Dude you can literally see the aimbot on the screen the fov circle around his viewmodel thats the fov of the aimbot


Gummy has aimbot on his own private build of the cheat, and as he mentioned some features are disabled from the public release. 
Last time a public aimbot was released it caused rare to start banning main accounts even though people never cheated on them.


Download Our Feature Packed SoT Hack Now!


Pillage and Plunder faster than ever before with our cheats for SoT. With our ESP, easily track down messages in a bottle, rare chests hidden on shipwrecks and islands, or quickly hunt down wildlife with Animal ESP to complete quests. Send any pirates you encounter to Davy Jones’ Locker with our Deadly Bone Aimbot, Ship ESP, and Player ESP all at your disposal.


Lock-on to players and NPCs alike with Wallhax’s aimbot. Whether you’re using your pistol, rifle or sword, make every attack count and ensure maximum accuracy. With the help of our aimbot, easily board enemy ships and dispatch your opponents with prejudice, or hold off hoards of skeletons with ease.


Never waste another minute investigating every cranny of an island, or each room of a sunken ship when there’s nothing there. Complete your quests and track down booty faster than you ever could before with the help of our Chest ESP, Item in a Bottle ESP, Animal ESP and more. Whether you’re looking for rare items or hunting down animals to boost your reputation, Wallhax’s cheat for Sea of Thieves gives you the ultimate advantage.


Build your reputation as one of the most fearsome and deadly pirates around. With Ship ESP, hunt down enemy vessels when they’re barely visible, or easily avoid other pirates if your hold is filled with booty. With Player ESP, track players on opposing vessels, or hunt down any stragglers after they abandon ship. Box ESP, Tracelines, Health-bar ESP and more give you the definitive upper hand. With our bone aimbot, lock-on to your opponents and eliminate them with precision. They won’t need their booty where they’re going!
