Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=6781871



Best GTA RP servers and how to join them


Your GTA RP experience can be greatly enhanced by joining the best GTA RP servers. Viewers have been looking to get involved ever since the online game made a strong return to Twitch. If you want to get on board and are wondering what servers to join, we’ve narrowed down a handful of community favorites. 


The launch of NoPixel’s 3.0 update sparked a big interest in Grand Theft Auto RP, as streamers and viewers began pouring into Twitch’s GTA section and cementing the title as one of the most-viewed games of 2022.


NoPixel, which is the standout server for GTA RP, has been around for a few years, and each time they drop a major update, players want to get in on the roleplaying action and have a go for themselves. Though, it’s incredibly tough to get a slot.


There are plenty of other GTA RP servers to try your hand at though, and we’ve made a list of some of the best.


Eclipse RP


Other servers might not have some of NoPixel’s features, but the premise is the same. You drop into GTA V via the FiveM server menu, create a character, and roleplay to your heart’s content. All within the server’s rules, of course.


One server that does come close is Eclipse . Just like NoPixel, there are plenty of ways to make money, spend it, and have a fun RP experience.


It’s got a massive server capacity, as well as a dedicated forum and Discord so that you can get involved. It’s a simple one to jump into as well, just join the site, Discord, and make yourself known.


MafiaCity GTA RP


Aside from Eclipse, there is also MafiaCity . This server is, again, roleplay-heavy, but it has some differences from the others.


For one, it’s hosted on the Rage mode and not FiveM, so NPCs can be done away with. Plus, there are unlimited possibilities when it comes to roles. You can be a terrible criminal as easily as you can be a police officer or a firefighter.


Again, it’s simple to get involved. Just have the Rage mod downloaded, and you can join the server from their website. Though, introduce yourself on the Forum and Discord so you’re not a stranger.


GTA World RP


Now, if you’re not too comfortable with switching your mic on and acting with others, then GTA World could be the best RP server for you.


In terms of top-tier RP’ers, its a little more barebones than the other servers out there, but the roleplaying possibilities are pretty unique, given you have to type out your thoughts rather than chat,


The server does offer plenty of content though, as like with others, you can deal with businesses, factions, and customize things to your heart’s content. GTA World is available through Rage too, not FiveM, and like the others has a Forum and Discord to get involved with.


Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest updates on Esports, Gaming and more.


New Day RP


New Day RP launched back in March of 2021, and has already undergone a 2.0 update as players have been flooding to take a look at the popular new server.


Despite being a relatively newer server than some of the others, New Day RP has plenty of the jobs and other features as its peers. It’s also launching into a new whitelisting period until January 8th, meaning that you do have the chance to get involved whereas some others are still closed to new players.


Just hop onto the New Day RP forum, sign up, and submit your application to see if you can make the grade to RP with them.


LucidCityRP


If you’re looking for something that is a little more open and wild, then LucidCity could be an option. Like others, it’s on the FiveM list, and is pretty open to join.


The server has a lot of the NoPixel features, plus a few of their own, and even incorporates Cayo Perico from the normal GTA Online mode. Just like the others, you’re best off joining their forum and Discord and introducing yourself before going on a crime spree.


NoPixel


NoPixel has become the most well-known GTA RP server and has pretty much spearheaded the rise of GTA RP. However, getting accepted into this server is no easy feat.


To join this server, you must go through an application process as well as make a donation. With this kind of exclusivity, it’s no wonder why popular streamers like Buddha and xQc are server regulars.


Outside of the main server, NoPixel does have public servers, but you’ve got to pay for priority access and character slots. If you do find yourself on the public server, though, you can prove your skills on there to earn a spot on the main server.


That’s everything you need to know about the best GTA RP servers and how to join them! There are plenty of other smaller servers too, it’s just about finding the right one. You might run into a few where it’s pretty crazy and no one cares for the rules, so feel free to shop around.


For more GTA Online tips, check out our guides below to make the most out of your Los Santos experience:


swxy/NoPixelServer


This commit does not belong to any branch on this repository, and may belong to a fork outside of the repository.


Name already in use


A tag already exists with the provided branch name. Many Git commands accept both tag and branch names, so creating this branch may cause unexpected behavior. Are you sure you want to create this branch?


Sign In Required


Please sign in to use Codespaces.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching Xcode


If nothing happens, download Xcode and try again.


Launching Visual Studio Code


Your codespace will open once ready.


There was a problem preparing your codespace, please try again.


5 best GTA RP servers like NoPixel to join in November 2021


With the introduction of GTA RP server NoPixel's 3.0 upgrade, interest in GTA RP has resurfaced, with streamers and spectators coming to Twitch's GTA section and confirming the game's position as one of the most-watched on the platform.


NoPixel is one of the most well-known GTA 5 RP servers, and the waiting list is quite large due to its popularity. Even though NoPixel has 200 spaces available, getting whitelisted and accepted on the server is incredibly difficult. One must donate as well as go through a lengthy application process. Some servers, on the other hand, are a little more straightforward to access.


These GTA 5 RP servers, some of which have been active for a long time, are comparable to NoPixel in terms of quality.


Best GTA RP servers like NoPixel


5) Lucid City RP


For those looking for something a little more open and wild, Lucid City could be a decent option.


It's on the FiveM list, just like the others, and it welcomes recruits with open arms. This server is mostly supported by members of the community and content developers. They aspire to create high-quality, immersive and entertaining storytelling. As a result, they strictly follow their instructions and enforce rules. They want to lessen the amount of potential harassment experienced by GTA 5 RP servers on a regular basis.


The server has many of the NoPixel features, a few of its own, as well as Cayo Perico from GTA Online's normal mode.


4) The Family RP


This is a server which stresses natural realism. It's not quite as strange as NoPixel, but it's still entertaining enough for gamers.


Beginners will be given a character passport for this GTA 5 RP server and enter the city. They can choose between civilian and criminal jobs and roleplaying as police officers, which is a popular option in the community.


3) Eclipse RP


Eclipse is a server that is very similar to NoPixel. Just as in NoPixel, there are different ways to earn money, spend it, and have a great RP experience.


For a multitude of purposes, including pet ownership and corporate management, Eclipse RP makes considerable use of complicated scripts.


It includes a massive server capacity, as well as a dedicated forum and Discord channel for players to use.


2) GTA World


Unlike NoPixel and other GTA 5 RP servers, this one is primarily text-based. There are, nonetheless, some parallels. It's a little more basic than other servers, but given that players have to type rather than speak, the roleplaying possibilities are quite unique.


The server has a lot of content since, like the other servers on this list, players can run businesses, own homes, join criminal gangs, and customize items to their heart's content.


1) Mafia City RP


The MafiaCity server has a lot of roleplaying, but it's a little different from the others in a few aspects.


To begin with, it is hosted on Rage mod rather than FiveM, which eliminates the need for NPCs. Furthermore, when it comes to roles, the possibilities are unlimited. Players can be a horrible criminal or a cop or a firefighter with equal ease. Its complex animations allow players to completely immerse themselves in the game. They can, for example, even do push-ups on the beach or dance to the beat of the music.
