Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7946602



Slender The Arrival Free Download


Slender The Arrival Free Download PC Game setup in direct link For Windows. It is a survival horror game based on a very interesting story.


Slender The Arrival PC Game Overview


This is a very interesting game which was developed and published by Blue Isle Studios. It has a number of previous series and this time Slender The Arrival game also has similar story. As the player starts the game with only a flash light in his hand. Which shows that the player will be helpless and could not do anything if some horror character comes in front of him. He just will have an option to run away from that place. Slender The Arrival PC Game has different levels and in each level the skills, behaviour and location of player will be changed. Horror man can also be seen at different places, he just will be seen around the player and if he directly comes in front of player the game will end. In this game player would not be able to take any pause of get a break between levels. If you like playing horror games then you may like similar game called Resident Evil Revelations 2 Episode 3. You may download it free from our website.


Graphics and visual effects of Slender The Arrival PC Game are unique. The sound effects are also very scary which may frightens the player. Each player and character has his own sound and expressions. Which shows the great use of graphics and Artificial intelligence techniques in the game. The capabilities and skills increases as the player gets through various levels and missions. You may like playing similar game white night. You can download it free from our website.


Features of Slender The Arrival PC Game


Following are the main features of Slender The Arrival PC game that you will be able to experience after the first install on your Operating System.



  
Horror game.

  
Latest technology and AI system used.

  
Unique and improved visuals effects.

  
New challenges are being introduced in the game.

  
Single player game

  
Player can experience fear factor and intense horror

  
Latest camera techniques used




System Requirement of Slender The Arrival PC Game


Before you start Slender Slender Slender The Arrival Free Download make sure your PC meets minimum system requirements.



  
Operating System: Windows XP/ Windows Vista/ Windows 7/ Windows 8

  
CPU: Dual Core CPU 2 GHz

  
RAM: 1 GB

  
Hard Disk Space: 3 GB




Slender The Arrival Free Download


Click on the below button to start Slender The Arrival Free Download. It is full and complete game. Just download and start playing it. We have provided direct link full setup of the game.


Slender: The Arrival


Slender: The Arrival is a first-person horror game that takes you through dark places guarded by Slender Man. This evil being wanders around the map, and it's up to you to avoid him if you want to survive this spooky adventure. To do so, you'll have tools and resources that you can use at various stages of the challenges you'll encounter.


As if the premise alone weren't enough, Slender: The Arrival also has realistic 3D graphics. To move around, just tap the virtual D-pad on the screen. You can also interact with objects by tapping on them, which is how you open doors, collect items and defeat your enemies.


Throughout your dark journey, you'll notice signs of Slender Man's presence, so you'll need to be quiet as you advance. There's also a button you can use to run through the forest or some of the houses to try to escape in extreme situations.


Slender: The Arrival has great graphics that perfectly accompany creepy sound effects for an immersive gaming experience. This is a truly terrifying first-person horror game that will test your courage as you try to escape from this evil entity.


Requirements (Latest version)


More information

 Package Name com.BlueIsleStudios.Slender  License Free  Op. System Android    Category Action/Adventure  Language English

Slender the arrival free


Slender: The Arrival is the official videogame adaption of Slender Man, developed in collaboration with Eric "Victor Surge" Knudson , creator of the paranormal phenomenon that has been terrifying the curious-minded around the world since its inception, with Mark Hadley and Blue Isle Studios.


Slender: The Eight Pages was a short, experimental game that helped to breathe new life into the horror genre and captivated gamers around the world through its use of pure, unadulterated fear.


Experience the horror all over again.


Slender: The Arrival is the official re-imagining and expansion of the original game created by Mark Hadley, teamed up with the writers behind the Marble Hornets series and the development team at Blue Isle Studios. The Arrival features a brand new storyline, improved visuals, great replay value, and most importantly, survival horror at its best.


And now this enthralling horror experience can be enjoyed now on iOS and Android and through digital download on both Xbox One and Playstation®4, in addition to Xbox 360, Playstation®3, Wii U and Steam! This version of the game contains bonus content including 2 new levels, game improvements and additional collectables.
