Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=3606452



Slotomania APK for Android


Slotomania is the first online game which replicates the ultimate thrill of casino slot machines! This cool online game enables players to place bets on a variety of casino slot machines without the threat of losing actual money, with only virtual currency. The player makes use of virtual coins to purchase credits which he/she can use to pay for the spins on eligible slot machines. Players are allowed to switch between playing for money and playing for virtual money throughout the duration of the game. It is not necessary for a player to win a spin in each game in order to collect credits; however, players must collect at least 1 credit before the next spin. Once all credits have been collected, players are free to stop playing for that round and obtain more credits.


There are several categories of slot machines in slotomania: the jackpot, progressive, slots bonus, special prizes, high roller and syndicate. In games where you need to collect credits towards a jackpot, the available amounts of coins depend on the type of jackpot you are trying to achieve. For instance, in progressive slot machines there will always be a pool of credits which increase as you knock the pins. As for special prizes, they come in different forms such as cash coupons, free spins or gift certificates. High roller and syndicate games require players to exchange high winnings for larger prizes.


To play slotomania on Facebook, the slot games are available in two versions, the free and the premium version. The free version is accessible through a facebook application on the user's mobile phone, while the premium version can be accessed via a flash drive or through a website on the user's PC. The latter is the most popular since it allows the holder of the premium slot to export their progress information to their email address. Players can also collect chat transcripts from their Facebook slot games and can compare them with those from other players in Facebook slots games. Since slotomania on Facebook offers a high reward, it is advised that players practice on the slot games and use real money only when they win.


Slotomania APK for Android 


Slotomania by Playtika is the online game that replicates the thrill of slot machines! This free game allows players to bet with virtual coins on a range of different slot machines, without the risk of losing real money. Players can win big prizes, and compete with others online.


All the Fun, Without the Risk


Slotomania is the definitive slot machine simulator; the game includes a range of over 160 themed slot machines including Chili Loco, American Glory and Enchanted Oz. New players get a 10,000 coin bonus to begin playing, and there are 3-hourly bonuses to ensure players never become short of coins. There are other types of games available including card games and roulette, and the game features regular quests where players can win top prizes. There are Playtika rewards available for regular players, and frequent players will get free level-ups to improve their progress. Players can also compete with their friends and others in online Facebook tournaments to gain a place on the leaderboard!


Fun, Safe Slots


Slotomania is an ideal way to experience the fun of slot machines without the financial risk, and it adds a great social element to the fun. The regular free offers and attractive new quests and games also add to the playability. However, while the game is free, the wins alone aren't always sufficient to progress without further in-app purchases.


Slotomania Android


Strange as it may seem, some people have fun playing fake slot machines on their smartphones. It is not played with real money, but this game still encourages compulsive gambling. It is totally absurd as all you have to do is push a button again and again and watch the digital slots rotate in the hopes that the figures will align.


If you have not stopped reading after the first paragraph, today we introduce one of these games that I would personally avoid. Slotomania is an app of absurdly striking colors that includes different free slot machines, each with a different theme. Players can also unlock and buy more if they want some extra 'fun'.


What slots does Slotomania include?


If you download the APK file for Android from this casino game, you can play the following slot machines:



  
Vegas Cash: with different classic Vegas elements, such as money, roulette, and poker cards.

  
Xin-Fu and Panda Chi: with elements of the Chinese culture.

  
Despicable wolf: a slot machine about Little Red Riding Hood.

  
Rapid Chili: a slot machine with classic Mexican elements, such as chilli peppers, hot sauce, and lime.

  
Crazy train: trains, train reviewers, campaigns, a station. I think you get the idea.




Requirements and additional information:


Hi, I’m Lauriane Guilloux. I grew up surrounded by gadgets and technology and everyone who knows me assumes that it will always be one of my greatest interests. I’ve evolved hand-in-hand with PCs, laptops, video gaming consoles, smartphones.
