Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=3321335



How to Get the Google Snake Game Mod Menu


Snake-type games have always been a classic, mostly earning their status during the early Nokia phone days. The worldwide craze for the game has never fully gone away, and from time to time, you can see a spin-off or a remake surface on a variety of gaming platforms.


Google has made it possible to play a snake game by just typing “snake game” into the Google search bar, sending you straight to the game menu. Modding the Snake Game may seem like a somewhat advanced process, but we’ll do our best to help you achieve it with ease in Google Chrome and you’ll see that it’s not complicated after all.


How to Unlock Mods in the Google Snake Game



  
Download the Google Snake Menu Mod from this GitHub link here.

  
The Moremenu.html file needs to be saved to your computer, somewhere where you can easily access it.

  
Press the combination of CTRL + SHIFT + O together in order to open the bookmark menu in your browser.

  
Click on the three dots located in the top right corner of the screen.

  
Select the Import bookmarks option.

  
Import the Moremenu.html file from the location where you have saved it.

  
Now, in the left menu of the Bookmark manager, you will notice that there is an imported folder.

  
Open a new browser tab (CTRL + T) and then search for “snake game” again, and click on Play ONCE.

  
Before clicking the second play button you need to click on Chrome’s three-dot icon in the upper right corner.

  
Go to “Bookmarks”, “Imported”, and click on “More Menu Stuff”.

  
When all of this is done, click on the cog wheel icon within the Snake Game. Voila! You have now successfully unlocked all of the items in-game. Now have fun!




Have a look at what we have done with the mods and how it looks for us:


Nikola L


Staff Writer at Prima Games since May 2022. Gaming since being able to hold an Amiga 500 joystick on his own, back in the early 90s (When gaming was good, remember?). He has been through thousands a lot of different video, board, and card games and it seems that he wants to make it tens of thousands soon™. Current favorites: Vampire Survivors, SMITE, Marvel Snap. Participated in the organization of dozens of gaming events and tournaments and has been professionally attached to gaming since 2009.


ImLlL/snake-mod-menu-stuff


This commit does not belong to any branch on this repository, and may belong to a fork outside of the repository.


Name already in use


A tag already exists with the provided branch name. Many Git commands accept both tag and branch names, so creating this branch may cause unexpected behavior. Are you sure you want to create this branch?


Sign In Required


Please sign in to use Codespaces.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching GitHub Desktop


If nothing happens, download GitHub Desktop and try again.


Launching Xcode


If nothing happens, download Xcode and try again.


Launching Visual Studio Code


Your codespace will open once ready.


There was a problem preparing your codespace, please try again.


Latest commit


Git stats


Files


Failed to load latest commit information.


README.md 


This is a bookmark js (javascript) code. If you doń know how to use this as a bookmark code; im here to help.


than open up the google snake game. To use the mod just click it from your bookmark shelf. And your all set :)


Best Google Snake Menu Mods 2023


Everyone had a Nokia phone at some point and almost all of them came with the Snake game, especially the iconic Nokia 3310. That made it one of the earliest video games that we’ve all played and it appealed to millions of non-gamers as well.


Whether you played it to pass some time by yourself or competed with others based on your high score, it was a very fun game to have in the palm of your hands.


Although we no longer have those old cell phones, Snake is a game that refuses to die. Most recently, Google has integrated the game into its search engine and you can easily play it at any time by simply searching up ‘Google Snake Game’.


In This Article


One of the most fascinating things about Google’s Snake game is that it comes with several different options that let you change some gameplay-related and visual things too. But if you play the game often, it’s only natural if you feel like you’re getting a bit bored of what’s being offered.


That’s where the Google Snake Menu mods come in, which allow you to add more options to the game. So, how do you install those mods, and which Google Snake Menu Mods are the best?


Let’s answer both of these questions right away!


How to install Google Snake Menu Mods in Google Chrome


Since this game is from Google, it’s best to play it on the Google Chrome browser since that’s what you can install the mods on as well.


Step 1 – Head over to the Google Snake Menu Mod page and download the ‘MoreMenu.html’ file.


⚡ Gaming Deals too Good to Pass On ⚡


This step is pretty simple, just click on MoreMenu and it will automatically download the file.


Step 2 – Import the ‘MoreMenu’ file as a bookmark in Google Chrome.


Click on the three dots on the top right of your web browser. Then, hover your mouse to the ‘Bookmarks’ button which will open the menu of bookmarks.


Then, click on ‘Import bookmarks and settings’.


You’ll see a pop-up and here, you have to select ‘Bookmarks HTML File’ in what you will import and then click on ‘Choose File’.


Now, give it the ‘MoreMenu.html’ file and click ‘Open’. The mod will be added to your browser.


To make things easier, make sure to click on ‘Show Bookmarks bar’ if that isn’t already enabled for you. It will allow you to access the mods quickly, as compared to finding them individually every time.


Step 3 – Rename the mod file


If you followed all the steps properly, the ‘MoreMenu’ bookmark will show in your browser. It will either be outside or in a folder called ‘Imported’. If it’s in the Imported folder, you can just easily drag it out onto the main bar.


Now, right click the ‘MoreMenu’ bookmark and click Edit.


Rename the bookmark to ‘Google Snake Menu’ and then save it as such. The renaming step is not always required, but it’s better to take a minute to do this just to be safer than sorry.


Step 4 – Launch the Google Snake Game and Access the Mods (Final Step)


Go to Google and search for ‘Google Snake game’. Once it shows up, click on ‘Play’ to launch it.


Before you start playing, click on the Settings (cog) icon and you can see the officially available gameplay and visual settings.


Here, you can see there are only three terrains available and some of the other options are limited too.


So, all that you have to do now to activate the Google Snake Game menu mods is to click on the bookmark that we placed earlier on the top side of your browser. Once you click it while the game is open, you will immediately see new options added to your game.


Now, you have successfully installed mods in your Google Snake Game and all that you have to do now is to have fun!


Keep in mind that the mod has to be activated each time you launch the game again, so simply open the game and click on the bookmark option to add new mods to your game.


The Best Google Snake Menu Mods


At the moment, there are not too many different menu mods that you can install to your Google Snake game. It’s important to make sure that you don’t install any unsafe files on your browser, so it’s good to stick to what you know.


Picking the top 10 Google Snake menu mods is not an easy task because there is no way to call one of them better than the other! All of them are meant for different types of playstyles, such as new rules in the game and visual combinations.


My personal favorites are the ones that increase speed and give bizarre appearances to in-game items, such as bullets and nuke fruits. You might like something else, so it’s up to you to try every Google Snake game mod out and find out the top 10 best ones for yourself.


You will have to try them out manually because there are no words to describe what certain combinations do. And if you’re feeling a little bold, hit that randomizer (Dice) button and see what chaos comes your way.


That’s everything that you need to know about the top best Google Snake Menu Mods and how to install the Snake Menu mods in your Google Chrome browser!


We hope that you found this guide useful and it’s incredibly fun playing this game in 2022 and trying out all the different mods that come with the Google Snake Menu.


While you’re still here, make sure to check out some of our other helpful gaming articles too!
