Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=4120731



Raid Shadow Legends Sparring Pit (Ultimate Guide)


Want to find out more about the Raid Shadow Legends Sparring Pit?


In this blog post, we will discuss what the Sparring Pit is, how to use it, whether or not it is worth upgrading, and more. Let’s get started!


What Is The Sparring Pit In Raid Shadow Legends?


The Sparring Pit in Raid Shadow Legends is located inside the Guardian Ring and allows you to give your champions XP passively. When you put champions in the Sparring Pit, they are given a set amount of XP per hour depending on that champion’s star level. The higher the star level, the more XP.


It’s also important to note that the rarity of the champion does not matter. For example, a 6 star common will get the same XP as a 6 star legendary—only the star rank of the champion matters in the Sparring Pit.


The Sparring Pit has five slots in total, but each slot needs to be unlocked with 300 gems. Each slot then has three levels. When you first open a slot, it will be level 1/3, and upon spending 350 gems, you can upgrade the slot to level 2 and so on. Each level you get adds an additional 1000 XP per hour to the slot.


So the maximum XP you can get per hour is 3500 for a 6-star hero in a level 3 slot.


Is the Sparring Pit Worth Unlocking In Raid Shadow Legends?


Yes, the Sparring Pit is worth unlocking. You should always get at least the first slot of the Sparring Pit unlocked. After that, it can be left at level 1 if you don’t want to upgrade it further.


If you are using the Sparring Pit and remember to level up your champions and switch out champions when they hit max level, it can be a great way to earn XP without using energy.


How To Use The Sparring Pit In Raid Shadow Legends



  
Head to your bastion and click the Guardian Ring located on the right side of the screen.

  
Once you are in the guardian ring click the Sparring Pit tab on the left side of the screen if you are not already there.

  
Then click the select champion button

  
Once clicked another menu will pop up showing all of your champions available for the Sparring Pit. Click your desired champion and click confirm.




Once you click confirm, you will see the champion you selected has been placed into the slot you chose, and there will be a timer letting you know when they will level up next.


The one downside to the Sparring Pit is you have to manually click level up every time to level up the champion.


The best way to use the Sparring Pit is by putting level 25+ fodder or food champions into the pit to help finish off some of those last levels. You constantly have to level up food champions in Raid Shadow Legends to upgrade your main champions, and the pit can be a great way to do this without spending valuable energy.


Is The Sparring Pit Worth Upgrading In Raid Shadow Legends?


Whether or not the Sparring Pit is worth upgrading in Raid Shadow Legends is highly debated in the community. There are a lot of different factors to consider, and it all comes down to how long you plan to play the game. Gems are a highly valuable and limited resource in the game, and the cost of upgrading the Sparring Pit to 5 slots all level 3 is 5000 gems which is quite a lot.


What you have to consider is what else could you spend those gems on? Some of the most popular options to spend gems on are energy refills and the gem mine. So the best way to decide what to do is to look at how much XP you could get if you just used your gems for energy refills to farm the campaign and how much XP you get from the Sparring Pit.


The following table shows how long it would take the Sparring Pit to get that same amount of XP.


As you can see, it would take quite a while to break even with the Sparring Pit, and that is assuming you are playing 24 hours a day and are manually clicking level up every time a champion is ready and switching out max level champions constantly.


Whether or not it is worth upgrading really does come down to how long you plan to play the game because eventually, you will get more value from the Sparring Pit than from energy refills or anything else you could use gems for.


Automatic Sparring Pit


The idea of having an automatic Sparring Pit that would automatically level up your champions when they are ready and switch out champions for you has crossed almost every Raid Shadow Legends player’s mind. Still, unfortunately, it’s just not possible.


The pit is designed to keep you playing the game and keep you logging back into the game. Unfortunately, as lovely as it would be to have this feature, it’s not one coming any time soon, and if it does, it will be through some third-party application. It does sound plausible to accomplish with some Bluestacks macro or auto clicker, though, but who knows how Plarium would treat that sort of behavior.


Conclusion


So there you have it, that is everything you need to know about the Raid Shadow Legends Sparring Pit. Hopefully, you now have a much better idea of what it is and whether you should upgrade it or not.


Let us know in the comments below if you think upgrading the pit is worth it.


1 thought on “Raid Shadow Legends Sparring Pit (Ultimate Guide)”


I have a fully upgraded sparing pit and I find it valuable it’s helpful when I can’t get on to play i use mine as a food farming ring I see it as once it’s upgraded it’s not going anywhere which is going to last forever


Leave a Comment Cancel reply


Recent Posts


Guardian Ring


The Guardian Ring (commonly known as The Sparring Pit) gives you a number of ways to improve and/or use your champions.



  
The Sparring Pit is a way to get experience for your champions over time without actually being active in the game.

  
Convert duplicate Legendary Champions into "Life Tokens" and use those to get different champions via the Token Trader

  
Use duplicate Legendary Champions to "empower" the resulting champion, making them even more powerful.

  
Assign duplicate Legendary, Epic & Rare champions as Faction Guardians giving all champions in that faction global stats boosts




Contents


The Sparring Pit


Pit Slots - One slot is opened when you reach level 15. Additional slots may be purchased for gems. The second slot costs 300 gems. Each slot may also be upgraded so as to accrue experience more quickly. Promoting a slot to level 2 costs 350 gems.


The rate at which experience is gained depends on the level of the pit and rank of the champion (CRank) sparring in the pit. The higher the level of the pit slot and the higher the rank of the champion in it the more EXP it gets per hour. e.g. a level 48 5-star champion will accrue experience at a rate of 2400 experience per hour while a level 24 three star champion will accrue experience at a rate of experience 2200 per hour


The EXP received continuously while the champion is in a pit slot, there is no lost EXP if you remove the champion before it reaches the next level.


 
 Pit Slot Level Gem Cost EXP Rate / hour  1 300 1900 + (Champion Rank * 100)  2 350 2900 + (Champion Rank * 100)  3 400 3900 + (Champion Rank * 100)  



Faction Guardians


Faction Guardians must be twins. Together they grant a bonus to all others that share their faction and rarity level



  
Each faction can have up 30 designated Faction Guardians in the Guardian Ring that give stats boosts to all champions of that faction that match as to rarity. This is on top of any Artifact bonuses, Arena bonuses, Great Hall Bonuses etc.

  
Faction Guardians must be duplicate champions though they can vary as to rank and level.

  
No additional bonuses are given for higher ranked or more skilled champions

  
Bonuses for each faction at each rarity level are assigned in order 

  
%HP Bonus

  
%ATK Bonus

  
ACC & RES Bonus

  
%DEF Bonus

  
SPD Bonus




Empower Champions


The Level of an Empowered Champion is shown by a Plus number in their portrait



  
Duplicate Legendary Champions may be used to Empower the champion further.

  
Champions may be Empowered more than once, increasing their base stats as shown.

  
Each Empowerment is additive and is based on the champion's base stats

