Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=8557001



Free Roblox codes (December 2022); all free available promo codes


We tell you how you can redeem the free reward codes for this December in Roblox, which ones are currently available and how you can redeem them.


December arrives with several free reward codes for Roblox, and as usual, we unveil all the promo codes for Roblox Corporation's game, but as always, we warn that several of them have to be obtained through one of Roblox's internal games: Island of Moves. On the other hand, we will keep the list updated in case we receive additional reward codes that do not appear now at the beginning of the month.


Free reward codes for Roblox in December 2022



  
SPIDERCOLA: Redeem code for free Spider Cola Shoulder Pet

  
TWEETROBLOX: Redeem code for a free The Bird Says____

  
Island of Move active codes December 2022

  
Shoulder PetStrikeAPose - Redeem code for a free Hustle Hat (Must be redeemed in Island of Move)

  
SettingTheStage - Redeem code for a free Build it Backpack (Must be redeemed in Island of Move)

  
DIY - Redeem code for a free Kinetic Staff (Must be redeemed in Island of Move)

  
VictoryLap - Redeem code for free Cardio Cans (Must be redeemed in Island of Move)

  
WorldAlive - Redeem code for a free Crystalline Companion (Must be redeemed in Island of Move)

  
GetMoving - Redeem code for free Speedy Shades (Must be redeemed in Island of Move)




Mansion of Wonder active codes (December 2022)



  
GLIMMER: head accessory

  
ThingsGoBoom – Ghastly Aura Wait Accessory (Redeem code in Mansion of Wonder).y

  
ParticleWizard – Tomes of the Magus Shoulder Accessory (Redeem code in Mansion of Wonder).

  
FXArtist – Artist Backpack Accessory (Redeem code in Mansion of Wonder).

  
Boardwalk – Ring of Flames Waist Accessory (Redeem code in Mansion of Wonder).




How to redeem reward codes in Roblox



  
Log in to your Roblox account where you want to redeem the code.

  
Go to the promotion code redemption page.

  
Enter your code in the box below.

  
Click on Redeem.

  
If you have successfully redeemed it, you will see a green message indicating this.

  
In case the code is inactive or not a promotion code, the message will be red.

  
Once we have successfully redeemed the promotion code, we will be able to find the item in question in our account inventory.




To be able to comment you must be registered and logged in. Forgot password?


Roblox Clicker on Scratch codes for free clicks and Robux in April 2023


By redeeming these Roblox Clicker codes on Scratch, you can get free clicks, click power, and Robux for free in April 2023.


Roblox Clicker is a game available on Scratch and it allows you to earn Robux by clicking as quickly as possible. If you’re tired of clicking, make sure to take a break and redeem these Clicker on Scratch codes for freebies in April 2023. 


Clicking games have gained a lot of prominence on Roblox lately primarily because they are easy to understand and the only skill you need to master is clicking. It is no surprise that the genre has made its way to other platforms like Scratch as well.


Like Clicker Simulator, Scratch’s biggest clicking game is called Roblox Clicker in which you click on certain areas of the screen for free Robux. Although the Robux cannot be used to purchase Roblox clothes, many players still love the light-hearted clicking challenge.


You can also get freebies in Roblox Clicker on Scratch and here’s a list of codes that you must redeem for them.


All working Roblox Clicker on Scratch codes in April 2023


You can redeem these Roblox Clicker on Scratch codes for freebies in April 2023:



  
10k – 10,000 free clicks, 10,000 Robux per second, and 10,000 click power.

  
GameXLegend123 – 1,000 clicks, 1,000 Robux a second, and free click power.




All expired Roblox Clicker on Scratch codes in April 2023


As of April 2023, there aren’t any expired codes for Roblox Clicker on Scratch. Having said that, these codes can be time-sensitive like Roblox codes so redeem them as soon as you can.


Also, bookmark this article as we’ll keep updating it with the latest Roblox Clicker on Scratch codes.


How to redeem Roblox Clicker codes on Scratch


Follow these simple steps to redeem Roblox Clicker codes and get freebies:



  
Launch Roblox Clicker through the official Scratch website.

  
Tap on Codes. A redemption box will appear.

  
Type or copy-paste the desired code and hit enter.

  
If the code is correct and valid, you should get the corresponding rewards automatically.




To avoid capitalization errors and typos, we recommend copy-pasting the codes directly from the list above.


That was everything you need to know about Roblox Clicker codes on Scratch and how to redeem them for freebies. For similar content, make sure to check out our code lists for major Roblox games like Demon Slayer RPG 2, Snow Shoveling Simulator, Survive the Killer, and Tower Heroes.


Image Credits: Hey_sisters_10182012
