Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=5185418



Multipurpose Room (Subnautica)


This article is about Multipurpose Room in Subnautica. Click here for information on this subject in Below Zero.


Category


Description


Hull Integrity


Acquired From


Size


Debug Spawn


Fragments


Item


Location


Fragments


Debug Spawn


It may be prudent to separate work and leisure spaces to maximize productivity. Treat this space as your home, but never forget that it is not. https://subnautica.fandom.com/wiki/File:RoomVO.ogg 


The Multipurpose Room is a Seabase Module. It is a fairly large drum-shaped module with an octagonal interior, which by default is empty. It provides a much larger space for movement and placement of internal fixtures than the I Compartment and its variants, and is the only module where several of the larger internal fixtures can be placed.


It is constructed with a Habitat Builder and can be placed on top of a Foundation or on its own, forming legs if it is close enough to terrain in the latter case. When the Multipurpose Room is horizontally adjacent to another Seabase module, a small length of corridor is automatically created to join them. When the Multipurpose Room is "stacked" with another Multipurpose Room, the floors can be accessed by building ladders, or by constructing an Alien Containment with hatches on the levels the player wishes to be able to access.


Every Multipurpose Room added to a Seabase reduces the Hull Integrity by 1.25 (The game shows -1.3 because it rounds the number. It is functionally -1.25). The first piece of a Seabase starts with +10 Integrity, thus if a Multipurpose Room is the first piece built it gets 10 - 1.25, or 8.8 (rounded) at surface depth.


Contents


Expansion



  
I Compartments, T Compartments and X Compartments can be placed on the side-panels in the four cardinal directions, but not the ordinals. Other base modules that auto-generate connections follow the same rule.

  
Hatches can be placed on all eight of the side-panels. In addition, if the Room contains an Alien Containment, Hatches can be built inside the Room on the exterior of the Alien Containment in the four cardinal directions to provide access.

  
Windows can be placed on all eight of the side-panels.

  
Ladders can be placed in five specific spots, four forming a square around the perimeter of the room in the cardinal directions and one in the center, as long as there is a Multipurpose Room above or below to connect to. The locations forming a square will preclude building a Water Filtration Machine at that location in both rooms the ladder connects, while the center location will prevent construction of an Alien Containment, Bioreactor or Nuclear Reactor in both rooms. If ladders are built in the same location on multiple floors, they will still be scaled one floor at a time. Note that the module cannot be deconstructed if it still contains any ladders.

  
Reinforcements can be placed on all eight of the side-panels for Hull Integrity bonus.

  
An Alien Containment, Bioreactor or Nuclear Reactor can be placed in the center, and Water Filtration Machines can be placed on all eight of the side-panels. This is the only placement option for these four modules.

  
A Multipurpose Room can be expanded vertically using a second Multipurpose Room. Once this is done, the Multipurpose Room on the bottom will lose its rounded top to connect to the Multipurpose Room above it.

  
Alien Containments stacked in multiple vertical Multipurpose Rooms will join together into a single floor-spanning unit. Placing an Alien Containment will also turn the middle of the floor of a room above into a circular glass panel: this does not affect the ability to place modules on the central spot in that room.

  
Vertical Connectors cannot be used on a Multipurpose Room.

  
Bulkheads cannot be placed in the automatically generated corridor sections or directly at the doorways.




Recipe


The Multipurpose Room blueprint can be acquired by scanning a Multipurpose Room at any of the Degasi Seabases.


Giveaway Items


Giveaway Items are placeable items built using the Habitat Builder. They can only be placed inside of the Cyclops or Seabases.


At the moment, the access to these items is restricted. One either needs to have purchased the Subnautica Special Edition or have a special activation code that can be redeemed in an in-game menu. Redeeming a code successfully adds the item in question to the player's Steam inventory and unlocks it inside the game.


Most of them are dedicated to certain Youtubers. All Giveaway Items except the Special Edition Hull Plate and the models are tradable inside the Steam economy.


For common players, these other variants are not available; the redeem code is given to the rightful owner and only that person can build it in-game.


Special Hull Plate Upgrade



  
The Special Hull Plate Upgrade is a variant of the Hull Plate that was available to those who bought the Subnautica Special Edition only via HumbleBundle, which is no longer available.

  
Each of these plates features a unique, manually inserted number and the purchase date. As creating these plates manually proved to be quite time-consuming and complex, the Special Hull Plate Upgrade was discontinued.

  
Caption: Limited edition numbered hull plate (thank you!)




Dev Test Item



  
Nickname: Flayra

  
Name: Charlie Cleveland

  
Known from: Unknown Worlds: Subnautica

  
Caption: A totally useless item you shouldn't even want. Could be better.

  
Info: The Dev Test Item Hull Plate is dedicated to Subnautica Game Director Charlie Cleveland.




Bikeman Hull Plate



  
Nickname: Bikeman (BikestMan)

  
Name: Unknown

  
Known from: YouTube and Steam

  
Caption: The bikest of men, Bikeman rolls his trike squad through games big and small. If you find him in Cherno, he is probably not friendly.




Diorama Hull Plate



  
Nickname: Dchicote

  
Name: Andreas

  
Known from: Steam

  
Info: The Diorama Hull Plate is dedicated to Dchicote who made a miniature version of a Seabase inside a glass exhibition for Subnautica.
Check out his models here

  
Caption: A special Hull Plate to commemorate a unique diorama.




Eat My Diction Hull Plate


(Purchased From Community Market) 



  
Nickname: EatMyDiction1

  
Name: Nick Mead

  
Known from: YouTube

  
Caption: Running the most sober streams on all of Twitch TV, Diction has been dictating the good word of gaming since 2011.




Gilathiss Hull Plate



  
Nickname: Gilathiss

  
Name: Krystian Bończyk

  
Known from: YouTube

  
Caption: Polish YouTuber. Has biggest "Subnautica" series in Poland. Generally recording survival and sandbox games. He's also making videos from Indie and Early Access games.




Indie Game Promoter Hull Plate



  
Nickname: IGP

  
Name: Adrian

  
Known from: YouTube

  
Caption: Indie Game Promoter, as name suggests, promotes indie games big and small!




JackSepticEye Hull Plate



  
Nickname: JackSepticEye

  
Name: Sean William McLoughlin

  
Known from: YouTube

  
Caption: Jack creates clean, appropriate for viewing by fourteen and up ages.




LordMinion Hull Plate



  
Nickname: LordMinion777

  
Name: Wade Barnes

  
Known from: YouTube

  
Caption: The most handsome Subnautica Hull Plate of all time.




Markiplier Hull Plate



  
Nickname: Markiplier

  
Name: Mark Fischbach

  
Known from: YouTube

  
Caption: I'm not scared. Not even a little bit.




Muyskerm Hull Plate



  
Nickname: Muyskerm

  
Name: Bob Muyskens

  
Known from: YouTube

  
Caption: Reconsider your YouTube subscription standards.




Subnautica – All Codes for the Aurora


Today I will tell you all the codes for the doors in the Aurora, the ship that you were on before the crash.


The Codes


So, main point of this guide, the codes. They are all listed below:



  
Captain’s Quarters: 2679

  
Lab Access: 6483

  
Robotics Bay: 6666

  
Cargo Bay: 1454

  
Cabin No. 1: 1869




Related Posts:


Related Articles


 Subnautica – Map with Resources 


The map with cave entrances, vents & geysers, wrecks, Degasi seabases and general resource locations. The Map Related Posts: Subnautica – Resources Guide Subnautica – All Codes for the Aurora […]


 Subnautica – How to Defeat Reaper Leviathans 


Guide ContentsGuide to Kill Reaper LeviathansHow-ToTutorial of How to Kill ItUseful Tips Guide to Kill Reaper Leviathans How-To The easiest method to kill a reaper in subnautica is by inmovilizing […]


 Subnautica – Resources Guide 


Where to find various resources easily and their uses! Subnautica Guides: Map with Resources. All Codes for the Aurora. Guide ContentsTitaniumCopperQuartsSilverGoldLeadLithiumDiamondRubyNickelCrystaline SulfurKyanite Titanium Titanium may be found in limestone outcrops, […]
