Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7487209



Купить Half-Life 1 Anthology НАБОР (?)


Один из наиболее популярных онлайновых экшенов всех времен — Team Fortress Classic — предлагает десять классов персонажей: от Медика, до Шпиона и Подрывника, вовлеченных в уникальную по стилю командную войну. Каждый класс располагает уникальными оружием, снаряжением и способностями. Команды противостоят друг другу в онлайне в различных игровых режимах.


Описание контента для взрослых


Разработчики описывают контент так:


 Includes intense violence and blood. 


Системные требования


Минимальные: Процессор с тактовой частотой 500 МГц, 96 МБ оперативной памяти, видеокарта 16 МБ, Windows XP, мышь, клавиатура, доступ в Интернет


Рекомендуемые: Процессор с тактовой частотой 800 МГц, 128 МБ оперативной памяти, видеокарта 32 МБ+, Windows XP, мышь, клавиатура, доступ в Интернет



Minimum: OS X Snow Leopard 10.6.3, 1GB RAM, 4GB Hard Drive Space,NVIDIA GeForce 8 or higher, ATI X1600 or higher, or Intel HD 3000 or higher Mouse, Keyboard, Internet Connection 




Minimum: Linux Ubuntu 12.04, Dual-core from Intel or AMD at 2.8 GHz, 1GB Memory, nVidia GeForce 8600/9600GT, ATI/AMD Radeaon HD2600/3600 (Graphic Drivers: nVidia 310, AMD 12.11), OpenGL 2.1, 4GB Hard Drive Space, OpenAL Compatible Sound Card 



TFC Download


TFC. or Temp File Cleaner, is a small utility that will clean out all the folders on your computer that house temporary files. The temp folders that TFC will clean are the Java, Windows Temp Folder, and the Internet Explorer, Opera, Chrome, and Safari caches. This tool will clean the folders for all accounts on the computer including the Administrator, NetworkService, and LocalService accounts.


Usage Instructions:



  
Download TFC from the download link above and save the file on your desktop.

  
Close ALL running applications as TFC will terminate them before attempting to clean up the temporary files.

  
Double-click on the TFC icon.

  
When the program starts, click on the Start button. TFC will terminate the Explorer process and all running applications and then begin the process of cleaning out all of your temp folders.

  
When done, press OK to reboot your computer and finish the cleanup.




Note 1: Depending on how much data is currently stored in the Temp folders, this process can take quite a while to remove all of the files, so please be patient.


Note 2: This program will not delete your Cookies or Browser History.


 Download TFC - Temp File Cleaner by OldTimer


TFC (Temp File Cleaner) will clear out all temp folders for all user accounts (temp, IE temp, java, FF, Opera, Chrome, Safari), including Administrator, All Users, LocalService, NetworkService, and any other accounts in the user folder. It also cleans out the %systemroot%\temp folder and checks for .tmp files in the %systemdrive% root folder, %systemroot%, and the system32 folder (both 32bit and 64bit on 64bit OSs). It shows the amount removed for each location found (in bytes) and the total removed (in MB). Before running it will stop Explorer and all other running apps. When finished, if a reboot is required the user must reboot to finish clearing any in-use temp files.


TFC only cleans temp folders. TFC will not clean URL history, prefetch, or cookies. Depending on how often someone cleans their temp folders, their system hardware, and how many accounts are present, it can take anywhere from a few seconds to a minute or more. TFC will completely clear all temp files where other temp file cleaners may fail. TFC requires a reboot immediately after running. Be sure to save any unsaved work before running TFC. 

Please note TFC is not suitable for use on Windows 8.1 or 10


Donation Information:
TFC is 100% free. However, it is the result of significant investments of time and effort by OldTimer. If you find his tools helpful, and would like to support his efforts, please consider a donation. Since you can't buy him a cup of coffee, simply click the Paypal button below: 
 
