Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=6738998



TextNow: Call + Text Unlimited 12+


Join the more than 100 million people who phone smarter, with free texting, free calling, and free nationwide coverage with TextNow!


Communication should be without limits. Stay connected to what matters most with unlimited texting and calling, without the bill. Download the TextNow app, pick a free phone number (or bring your own) with the US area code of your choice, and start calling and texting now.


NATIONWIDE TALK & TEXT, WITHOUT THE PHONE BILL
Cut the cord from your mobile phone company! Get a TextNow SIM card to access the same nationwide network with the same coverage as the big carriers, without the bill! Now there’s a smarter way to phone, with our ad-supported, zero-cost Nationwide Talk & Text app, so you can talk and text freely from anywhere in the US.


AFFORDABLE HIGH-SPEED DATA
Your phone needs can change, and TextNow has you covered. With low-cost data add-ons, you can get mobile data and go anywhere. No commitments, only pay for the data you need when you need it.


ADD A SECOND NUMBER TO YOUR PHONE
Need more privacy? Want to keep your personal life separate from your business? Use the TextNow calling and messaging app as free local 2nd phone number. Boost your status with your friends or mint some new ones by using a second phone number from TextNow on your favorite social apps. It’s another private phone line on your device with free calls and free text messages.


CHEAP INTERNATIONAL CALLING
Are your friends and family overseas? TextNow offers low-cost international calls to over 230 countries. Stay connected longer with rates starting at less than $0.01 per minute.


WIFI OR MOBILE CALLING? WHY NOT BOTH!
Does your mobile signal need a boost? No problem! TextNow lets you use your real phone number over WiFi. Or get the same great service on our nationwide mobile network with a TextNow SIM card.


• Get a local phone number or bring your own! Area codes from most metro areas in the US available.
• Make and receive unlimited voice calls, texts and video or picture messages to the USA or Canada for free!
• Use across multiple devices – send unlimited messages and make calls on your computer or tablet, then access them from your phone while on the go!
• Discover the new way to phone with Unlimited Nationwide Talk & Text with a TextNow SIM card – starting at $0.
• Need data? Get affordable, flexible data add-ons, whenever you want.
• Call internationally with our low-cost calling options to over 230 countries.
• Voicemail transcription and conference calling.
• Turn your WiFi enabled tablets and computers into a phone.


IS TEXT NOW FREE?
There are no yearly or monthly fees. Our service is ad-supported, with no cost to the user. If you don't like ads, you can purchase a subscription to remove them. Users can access our free wireless network with a one-time purchase of a TextNow SIM card, allowing users to call and text without the need for WiFi.


FEATURES STANDARD FOR ALL USERS
• Passcode to keep messages safe and private
• Caller ID
• Signatures: add a personalized signature to each text
• Customizable text-tones, ringtones, vibrations and backgrounds
• Quick Reply to speedily respond to friends
• A home screen widget for instant use
• Text from your computer and seamlessly synchronize with your mobile device via textnow.com


So, what are you waiting for? Download the app and get phone service without the bill with unlimited texts, voice calls and much, much more over both WiFi and wireless.


FOLLOW US on Social for the latest news and offers:
TikTok - @textnow
Facebook - @textnow
Instagram - @textnow
Twitter - @TextNow


Textnow Mod Apk v22.39.0.0 Unlimited Credits 2022


Textnow mod apk is the cheapest app around that helps you buy UK na d Canadian numbers at most affordable prices. Then you can use these numbers to call someone in that country with just primary charges.



  
Download Textnow apk

  
Download Textnow mod apk

  
Features

  
No ads:

  
No compromise on quality:

  
Add to your conversations:

  
Customize your keyboard:

  
Attach files:

  
Customize your contacts:

  
Export contacts from your phone:

  
Data security:





  
Conclusion

  
FAQs




With so many texting app is the mix you can’t know which one is safe or not. With Textnow mod apk you never have to guess. It is an android text application that allows you to text, video call or call with a three-way security encryption. Enter into the new era of texting. This is the cheapest texting app available in the society where international calling rates are hiking. You can also make calls and exchange texts to nay country with just primary charges. So download this app now and call your loved ones no matter where they are toll free.


Download Textnow apk


Textnow mod apk is the cheapest app around that helps you buy UK na d Canadian numbers at most affordable prices. Then you can use these numbers to call someone in that country with just primary charges. This app is the magical step to get numbers outside of your country the easiest and cheapest way possible with no hidden or additional fees charge. You can use this app to text or call as well. You can also use these numbers to create WhatsApp accounts. Keep on reading if you want to find out how to get a free US UK number suing this app.


Download Textnow mod apk


Textnow mod apk is an app that you can download on your android as well as IOS device to get a mobile number that is not of your country. You can use this fully functional number for WhatsApp, audio or video calls through facetime as well. Once you make a number yours you can get this number through an email. You can use this number on a different number of social media accounts as well like facebook and viber.


So why waste money to get outer country sim cars ad activate their number and pay subscriptions when you can do all that for free and more!


Features


No ads:


This app allows you to sue it to its fullest potential without having to watch ads and interrupting you in the middle of an important conversation.


No compromise on quality:


Using the mod version of this app you can have the highest HD screen quality. You can make both video and audio calls with faultless picture and sound quality. These two factors will always be clear with a good internet connection.


Add to your conversations:


This app has its own reserve of amazing and fun stickers as well as emoji’s you can use to express your emotions better. These emoticons makes your chats even more memorable and enjoyable.


Customize your keyboard:


This app comes with over 40 different skins for your keyboard. As well as different layouts you are more familiar with. You can also change the language setting on your keyboards and use dual language keyboards if you are bilingual, it supports for over a 100 different languages.


Attach files:


You can attach a plethora of different files that includes pictures in different formats, pdf files, word files, ppt and excel sheet and so much more. You can also send in important documents, videos and gifs.


Customize your contacts:


This app allows you a lot a special ringtone and font’s styles to different contacts. So when they call you know who it is by the sound of the ringtone.


Export contacts from your phone:


There are three modes you can use to import your contacts with this app. First you can import your contacts using your email contacts. The second is your cell phone book. The third is your sim. This guarantees that you have not left out a contact transfer in your new app.


Data security:


Textnow mod apk is the most secure end to end encrypted texting app there is. It also includes a chat lock with and additional google smart lock that you can unlock using your finger scanner. This ensures your contacts as well as conversation security because it is 100% Bug free.


Conclusion


Textnow mod apk is a pretty convenient and easy to use texting app that has it all. You can open an instant account and simply get a free number to any country you want. By downloading this app you will also get a small widget that you sent n your home screen or to your shortcuts. So download this app today and talk to your loved ones tension free.


FAQs


Can I customize Textnow mod apk?


Yes, you have full control over the wallpapers and back ground of the chats. You can either choose from the templates in the app or use pictures from your gallery. 


How can I bypass the ads in Textnow mod apk?


You do not have to deal with ads in the pro premium version of this app. Original version requires you to pay for this facility. The mod app however does not.
