Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=5517199



What is the Unlock Everything cheat code in Ultimate Chicken Horse? Answered


In the Mario Maker-like multiplayer party game Ultimate Chicken Horse, up to four players can muck about and create their own short platforming levels. General play is split up into rounds, where players can add platforms and deadly obstacles to stump everyone else, all while trying to reach the end. As the name implies, you play as fun animal characters, several being unlockable. There’s a magic cheat code to unlock all characters, levels, and outfits in Ultimate Chicken Horse, but there is a caveat.


How to unlock everything in Ultimate Chicken Horse


Usually, you unlock new content in Ultimate Chicken Horse through finding randomly spawning Mystery Boxes; you’ll know that a level has a Mystery Box if the lobby displays a question mark for that level. But the easiest way to unlock all content in Ultimate Chicken Horse is through a cheat code. You’ll input it while in the Treehouse lobby, and you’ll hit the following buttons:


Obviously, different platforms have different buttons and layouts, so below are instructions on how to input that for each platform or control method.


Ultimate Chicken Horse cheat code button inputs



  
PC (keyboard): R R LeftShift LeftShift R R E

  
Xbox controller: Y Y X X Y Y RB

  
PlayStation controller: Triangle Triangle Square Square Triangle Triangle R1

  
Nintendo Switch controller: Y Y X X Y Y R




Achievements affected by Ultimate Chicken Horse cheat code


Since there are Steam, Xbox, and PlayStation achievements linked to unlocking content in-game, using the cheat code in Ultimate Chicken Horse will disable these achievements. The following achievements and trophies are no longer obtainable after inputting the cheat code:



  
A New Friend Appears

  
Building a Community

  
Young Explorer

  
Magellan

  
Gettin’ Fancy

  
Full Wardrobe




However, resetting all of your stats and progress will let you earn those achievements again; you’ll just be starting from scratch. To reset your stats, while in the Treehouse lobby, open the menu, go to Stats, and hit the big red “Reset all stats and clear game progress” button.


Ultimate chicken horse how to unlock levels


Every time it's been a level unlock, I've never had an issue unlocking (local play) with my friend. Unfortunately, when I unlock pieces of clothing or wearable items (example, my raccoon buddy got a crown) it's not saving it. I'm going to try to test once more to see if for cosmetics you must absolutely go main menu and then from there desktop (keyboard/controller snafu listed on other discussion board).


I'm having fun either way, but the bigger bugs do detract slightly from local next to the beta. Has GDC been fun for the crew? :) 


I don't know when the last time you tried it was, but for a little while we've changed the game to save immediately after you hit the box and get the item. If something's not unlocking then make sure that:


1) If you're playing online, it's unlocking for you. Unlocks online are per-person and not for everyone in the game. The text should tell you the Steam username of the person it's for.


2) If it's local, if possible and if you haven't done it yet (I haven't checked lately if you have) please send the saveData.uch file and the output_log.txt files found in the game's data folder to support@clevendeav.com as Kyler suggested. 


How To Unlock Levels In Ultimate Chicken Horse? (Solution)


There are 17 official levels in total. Only two of them are available from the beginning (The Farm and Rooftops) and the rest can be unlocked by collecting Mystery Boxes.


How do you unlock costumes in Ultimate Chicken horse?


Outfits are vanity items that can be unlocked by collecting mystery boxes. Once an outfit is unlocked, it can be put on the character it belongs to in the treehouse building. There are 43 outfits in total, four for every character except for the Horse which has three.


How many characters are there in Ultimate Chicken horse?


There are eleven characters in total: Chicken, Horse, Raccoon, Sheep, Chameleon, Squirrel, Bunny, Elephant, Monkey, Snake, and Hippo. Chameleon, Squirrel, Bunny, Elephant, Monkey, Snake, and Hippo can be unlocked by collecting mystery boxes. The other four are available from the start.


How do you get the hippo in Ultimate Chicken horse?


As with previous updates, you’ll be able to unlock the new character, reskin, outfits and level by collecting unlock boxes on all levels with a? sign. No purchase necessary. Large and in-charge, Hippopotamus (Hippo for short) joins the Ultimate Chicken Horse cast!


How do you unlock all the characters in Ultimate Chicken Horse?


Alternatively they can also input the following combination of keys in the treehouse (game lobby) to unlock everything instantly:



  
“R R Shift Shift R R E” (keyboard)

  
“Y Y X X Y Y RB” (Xbox controller)

  
“Triangle Triangle Square Square Triangle Triangle R1” (PS4 controller)

  
“Y Y X X Y Y R” (Switch controller)




Does Ultimate Chicken Horse still get updates?


While we are not saying there won’t ever be new content for Ultimate Chicken Horse, this is the last content update that we have planned for the foreseeable future. We know this will be sad or disappointing for some – there are so many great ideas for new characters, levels, modes and so much more.


What is Challenge Mode Ultimate Chicken horse?


Challenge Mode This mode allows players to compete for the fastest completion times in custom levels which have been uploaded. For every level there are two leaderboards: One for the overall fastest time and one for the fastest time with all coins.


Is Ultimate Chicken Horse 4 player?


Just to add to this reply – there is something called “Shared Controller” mode, where you can use a single input (keyboard or controller) for up to 4 people and take turns to run through the course. However, you can’t split a single keyboard into multiple inputs for two people to play simultaneously on it.


When was the last Ultimate Chicken Horse update?


The game was last updated on September 20th 2021 and is currently on version 1.8.


Is Ultimate Chicken Horse worth it?


A party title with great visuals, sound, and gameplay, Ultimate Chicken Horse is a great combination of conniving strategy and frantic platforming. With plenty of modes to play, maps to customise, and unlocks to go for, Clever Endeavour Games’ PS4 debut is as good for your wallet as it is for your sofa.


What is the new Ultimate Chicken Horse update?


Meet Hippo in a FREE content update for Ultimate Chicken Horse, coming to PlayStation users on September 20, 2021! The Hippo-Party-Plus update includes a new character, a new alternative skin, four new outfits and a new level.


Is Ultimate Chicken Horse Crossplay?


Ultimate Chicken Horse is a platform video game where players assume the role of one of various animals. The PC, Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4 versions of the game support cross-play, locally and online.


How to unlock levels : Ultimate Chicken Horse General Discussions


If you play the initial maps three times in a row, the next level should become available. Playing more games increases your chances of unlocking levels, characters, and costumes in your favorite games. Let us know if you’re having trouble unlocking anything even if you’ve been playing for a long time. You may submit the save file to [email protected] so that we can have a look at it for you. kylerk 14th of March, 2016 at 9:18 a.m. The unlocks also show on levels that have question marks hovering over them in the treehouse lobby, which indicates that they are still unlocked.


You’ll need to figure out a means to pop the balloons in order to truly get the unlock.


Additionally, at this time, the online beta does not have the correct implementation of unlockables.


If you play the initial maps three times in a row, the next level should become available.



  
Let us know if you’re having trouble unlocking anything even if you’ve been playing for a long time.

  
Every time there’s been a level unlock, I’ve never had a problem unlocking it with my friend (when playing locally).

  
I’m going to try to test once more to see if, in order to access cosmetics, you must go to the main menu and then to the desktop (a problem with the keyboard and controller was mentioned on another discussion board).

  
Has GDC been a good time for the team?:) I’ve been playing for a long now and have yet to see any new levels surface.

  
Greed 27th of June, 2016 at 9:59 a.m.

  
27th of June, 2016 at 10:12 a.m.

  
Every time there’s been a level unlock, I’ve never had a problem unlocking it with my friend (when playing locally).




I’m going to try to test once more to see if, in order to access cosmetics, you must go to the main menu and then to the desktop (a problem with the keyboard and controller was mentioned on another discussion board).


Has GDC been a good time for the team?:) No idea when you last tried it, but we’ve altered the game such that it saves instantly once you click on the box and obtain an item for a short time.


Whether anything is not unlocking, check to see if any of the following are true: 1) If you’re playing online, it will automatically unlock for you.


The wording should include the Steam username of the person who is receiving the gift.


Triple Dev is an abbreviation for Triple Development.


If you play the initial maps three times in a row, the next level should become available.


Let us know if you’re having trouble unlocking anything even if you’ve been playing for a long time.


Does it work in the local political party?


If you play the initial maps three times in a row, the next level should become available.


Let us know if you’re having trouble unlocking anything even if you’ve been playing for a long time.


Does it work in the local political party?


Yes, it works in local party play as long as you’re using the default treehouse maps in the subterranean Level Loader and not the custom community-made maps in the level editor.


I’m in desperate need of information. Yes, it works in local party play as long as you’re using the default treehouse maps in the subterranean Level Loader and not the custom community-made maps in the level editor. thx haha I became aware of myself a week ago.


r/NintendoSwitch – Unlock all items, stages, and characters in Ultimate Chicken Horse


It is possible to play the entire game with a simple button combination if you are like me and only want to play the first few minutes or so. After pressing start and selecting your preferred mode of play (local or online), use the button combination Y Y X X Y R to unlock all of the game’s features. Note: This only works on the stage pick screen. Have a good time playing! This discussion has been closed. No new comments or votes may be submitted, and no new votes can be cast. 1st grade What are cheat codes?



  
1st grade It’s unclear whether this unlocks everything for just that one match or whether it’s permanent.

  
If you want to play on another account, you’ll have to repeat the procedure.

  
I’ll have to give this a shot the next time the lads come around.

  
My guess is that it’s a triangular shape (triangle), a square (square), a triangle (triangle), and a square (triangle).

  
a second-grade education On an earlier topic, I had a random query.

  
level 1How is the game going for you?




a second-grade education The game is fantastic when played locally with friends or family; so far, the online experience has been enjoyable, however there have been a few difficulties with the software unexpectedly shutting, which appears to be limited to the online experience as far as I can tell.


Level 1 causes the game to crash for me.


New Characters and Level Are Coming to Ultimate Chicken Horse


Since 2012, our Clever Endeavour team has had the privilege of supporting Ultimate Chicken Horse, and we’re pleased to announce that we’ve returned with yet another free content update to the game! We’re bringing a new character to the animal party, as well as a new level and a few new clothes to the game. Prepare to meet Hippo, who will be arriving on September 20th for Xbox One and Series X | S users! The Hippopotamus (often known as Hippo for short) is a large and intimidating member of the Ultimate Chicken Horse cast!


Please don’t be fooled by Hippo’s silly smile; he is a serious candidate for the Ultimate Championship.


In addition to the usual Hippo accessories, this alternate skin is also compatible with other Hippo skins.


No one is sure what happened, but we’ve heard it had something to do with a very unusual automobile. The more you get to know Hippo, the more opportunities you will have to uncover useful accessories for both the Hippo and the Triceratops.



  
Cowboy boots: While Hippo generally wears dance shoes, he occasionally swaps them out for these dependable boots to complete his look. Wilson is the name of the balloon, which was purchased at the fairground. Because hippos are unable to swim, they require this gear when they visit a swimming pool with the other animals.




Horse has always been one item short of the other creatures, despite the fact that it is mentioned in the game’s title. But don’t worry, we’ve purchased Horse a new clothing! Horse liked it so much that we made sure to provide it in seven various color variations: blue, orange, green, purple, red, pink, and yellow, to name a few. While Horse is sure that the clothing is streamlined for speed, the outfit accomplishes little more than look good on Horse. The entire cast and crew have taken a trip to the local theme park, where they have become fascinated by a particular attraction: this fast-moving roller coaster!



  
It’s important to keep your appendages as far away from the ride as possible; if you come too near, the ride will take you straight to the tomb.

  
All of the content upgrades described above are the exciting, more visible updates that players will notice, but we have also upgraded a large amount of backend functionality.

  
In general, it should make the game seem a little smoother and more consistent to play in its overall performance.

  
With the transfer of the game to new platforms, we hoped to ensure that the game would be available for as long as feasible.

  
Let us take this opportunity to thank you and everyone else who has contributed to the success of Ultimate Chicken Horse by making it what it is today!

  
Playing Games with Ingenuity $14.99 Have you ever wished you were a wall-jumping, arrow-dodging, trap-setting horse, edging out your animal companions in a race through a peril-filled obstacle course that you and your friends designed and built?

  
Ultimate Chicken Horse is a multiplayer platformer in which you and your friends construct the level as you play, putting deadly traps along the way before attempting to reach the finish of the level.

  
Play with your animal companions online or in person, and explore with a number of platforms to discover new ways to annoy your pals.

  
A vast collection of building pieces allows you to design an unlimited number of levels.

  
– Build new levels and store them for later use—then challenge your friends to beat them in Challenge Mode, which includes worldwide leaderboards!




– Take on the role of a chicken, a horse, a sheep, and a variety of other lovely creatures. – A lighthearted, cartoony visual style – A groovy and sweet soundtrack


How to easily unlock all characters, wardrobe and levels – Steam Solo


This short guide will assist you with unlocking all of the characters, wardrobe items, and stages in Ultimate Chicken Horse: The Legend Continues.


Summary


You may perform the following in the current version of the game (1.22.3) if you’re a lazy bum who has no time to do menial things like I do and don’t want to spend time unlocking everything: Go to the main menu and select “Start a new game” once you have enabled Ultimate Chicken Horse. Your character and level selection will be shown at the treehouse center, where you may make your selection. What you’ll need to do next is enter the following keys in the appropriate order: R R ShiftKey ShiftKey R R E.



  
DO NOT type the above in the chat window.

  
The following is an important disclaimer: please keep in mind that by doing so, you will be unable to acquire the accomplishments associated with character/map/etc unlocks.

  
You’ll notice an option at the very bottom of the last page to reset your progress.

  
*13.10.16 Update — This also unlocks the clothes for the character.




Ultimate Chicken Horse Achievement Guide


Achievement GuideIncludes specifics on each and every achievement. Collectables There is a cheat code that will provide you with everything you need to complete these accomplishments. However, you will not be able to gain any of the collectable achievements if you use this cheat code instead. If you have previously completed this step, you may proceed to page 13 of the rulebook to reset your progress. Please keep in mind that this will result in the loss of all statistics and unlockables, as well as the need to retake any previous progress.



  
a new friend appears – unblock a character’s ability to move.

  
Depending on how often this happens, you may have no choice but to reset your statistics in order to unlock this one.

  
When I was performing this, I was in the local party mode.

  
There are three characters that can be unlocked.

  
It is possible to gain access to them by acquiring mystery boxes.

  
Maps can be obtained by opening mystery boxes.

  
There are eight maps that can be unlocked (for 10 in total).




It is possible to gain access to them by acquiring mystery boxes.


Mystery boxes contain outfits that may be unlocked.


There are 14 different clothes that may be unlocked (for 2 per character).


Each costume is also available in a variety of color combinations.


Online GamesTechie – Participate in ten online games.


Showcase your skills by playing 50 games online.


It is simply necessary to participate in a game, not to win one.


To acquire this, you must participate in a game with another person via the internet.


These awards may be acquired simply over time; but, by strategically laying traps in strategic locations, they can be earned much more quickly.


Animal Cruelty – Kill 100 humans using traps to demonstrate cruelty to animals.


Archer – Kill someone 100 times with an arrow in the head.


Place the arrows in areas where they will catch the player off surprise and see whether that works.


Experiment with moving the hockey puck out the outside of the screen to the far left or right of the display.


Because hockey pucks are more quicker than arrows, players will not be able to outrun them.


Die on barbed wire if you’re not very sharp.


In freeplay mode, you can use them to your advantage.


a total of ten occasions On page 11 of the rulebook, you’ll be able to track your progress on this one.


The Spaghetti Award is given to the person who dies 50 times in a black hole.


In freeplay mode, you can use them to your advantage.


In freeplay mode, you can use them to your advantage.


If you’re having problems earning one, you may adjust the points available in games in the rules when hosting your own game if you’re having difficulty.


Each round, have one of the players murder themself before allowing the other player to finish the match.


This is simplest to do in creative mode, with the win conditions altered to enable a win after three games, rather than the default two.


In two-player games, it is not possible to collect solo points.


Necromancer Dancer – Earn 10 post-mortem points by doing this feat.


Place traps on the buttons of other significant locations on the map to see if you can get more points.


When you become the underdog and make it to the finish line in a round, you gain comeback points for your efforts.


You may expedite this process by hosting games yourself and altering the rules to have them conclude more quickly.


On page 12 of the rulebook, you’ll be able to track your progress on this one.


It is also possible to spam games on the local network, which may be done with a second controller or through couch play (in the treehouse).


Play 100 games to become the ultimate expert.


It is also possible to spam games on the local network, which may be done with a second controller or through couch play (in the treehouse).


Clutch Performer – Type in the word “sudden death” twenty times.


In Sudden Death, the players in question will keep resurrecting after they die, and the game will be won by the person who is the first to reach the objective.


If they don’t make it at all, the game will conclude in a tie at the end of regulation.


Make two blocks together using adhesive if you’re a craftsperson.


It is important to remember that two moving items cannot be bonded together.


This one is simple; all you have to do is think beyond the box.


Neat and nimble – leap off a wall 1000 times.


Space-Time Cadet — Teleport 50 times in a single round.


Greedy McGreedster – You will receive 50 coins.


Trappists should set up 200 traps. On page 11 of the rulebook, you’ll be able to track your progress on this one. Place 1000 traps in areas where there is a threat to public safety. On page 11 of the rulebook, you’ll be able to track your progress on this one.



  
The Magic Game World website was founded by him, and he serves as its editor. He’s been a gamer since he was seven years old, when he received a PlayStation 1 and the game Gran Turismo. View all of the postings




Ultimate Chicken Horse (Switch) patch notes


Back to the top of the list. Official website is cited as the source.


1.7.028 (8 April 2020)



  
Reduction in the number of duplicate calls to the online servers Performance in the Treehouse has been improved. Performance has been improved at the Space level

  
Adjusted the bounds of the Space level so that the camera zooms out less when the camera is moving

  
On Space, the placement of unlock boxes has been tweaked

  
When the “Randomize” button is pressed, the text spills out onto the screen. The title alignment on the Lobby list has been corrected. Text fit issues and grammatical errors in multiple languages have been corrected. Snake’s unlock message has been updated to correct a visual glitch.




1.7.027 (12 March 2020)



  
1 character: a snake on a skateboard, decked up in various clothes

  
There are two levels: Space and The Ballroom. Beehives, guns, flamethrowers, and one-way gates are among the four blocks.




Minor Features



  
New paintbrush sizes in Free Play Mode allow you to paint more or fewer items at the same time depending on your preference. When you click on the “Randomize” button on the modifiers page, a random number of modifiers with random settings are turned on for chaotic fun. Lobbies where the host has been absent from the game for an extended period of time will now be indicated as AFK in the lobby list. There is a new button in the “My Levels” area of the subterranean computer that allows you to reveal or conceal levels that are not accessible to the general public. There is now a Czech language version accessible.




Bug Fixes



  
When a fixed character is consumed by a black hole, the hitboxes of that character extend substantially. Improved the consistency of the shooting timings of the hockey puck shooter while the game is paused

  
Fixed an issue where the player profile dialogue would occasionally remain on the screen. Fixed ghosts with a disproportionately large number of bodies

  
When a remote player exits the game, a local player’s behavior in the treehouse might become erratic. This has now been resolved. The ability to move characters who are seated on the sofa has been fixed. Every time the game is unpaused, corpses are now able to activate the blocks they are on

  
When playing in Free Play mode by yourself, clearing a level will now cause it to be restarted, exactly as if you had died

  
When a bomb is dropped on a block, the block’s explosion animation is now activated. Corrected a problem with block explosions not aligning with flipped blocks

  
Boxes that interact with players after they have been opened have been fixed

  
The ability to hold B to give up or retry while passing through teleporters has been improved. Fixed a bug when honeyed tennis ball shooters weren’t shooting in previously saved levels. It is sometimes difficult to set fixed ice / honey and barbed wire in close proximity to one another. The appearance of fixed upblower wind particles when the wind effect is disrupted by blocks that overlap with the upblower

  
Wind particles from a fixed-upblower might appear to be longer than the wind effect at times. Arrows were not blowing up when they struck Ghosts with the Projectile Explosion Modifier, which has been fixed. Destruction animations for blocks that were lacking them have been added

  
In a number of instances, crumbling blocks were loading with an inaccurate damage level

  
This was corrected. Players becoming stuck on the Iceberg ship’s walls has been fixed. Color distortion on the yellow recolor of Red Panda has been corrected. In the Treehouse, the names of player characters were occasionally shown as “Press.” Along with the Flip Left/Right Modifier, we were able to prevent the unlock UI from becoming mirrored. Added a preventative measure to prevent page flip buttons and the Flip Left/Right Modifier from being reversed

  
Corrected an issue where newly established lobbies were incorrectly assigned the Modifiers tag

  
In Shared Controller, the issue with the run timer not ending between players has been resolved.




1.6.061 (20 June 2019)



  
It is possible to turn into a Ghost and have the Challenge Mode timer continue to run until you give up or fall into a pit, allowing your dead corpse to complete the Challenge. Fixed an issue with Dead Hop that might have resulted in a time of 0:00:00 being recorded in Challenge Mode. Fix for a problem that enabled resurrected characters to trigger coin pickup from a distance. A problem with shift-rotated platforms moving wrongly when placed has been resolved. Reduced the likelihood of way-tiny characters becoming trapped on the border of a blank level

  
Added a restriction to prevent players from adding goal and finish blocks on blank levels in a way that they are no longer selectable

  
Fixed a problem that enabled different modifier settings to be loaded on the host and on the client. A issue that allowed for respawning in challenge mode has been fixed. Prevented the scoreboard from being stuck in place

  
Players were given the option to cancel the placement of unplaceable blocks, but they were also given the option to ignore limits in Free Play. Fixed a bug that enabled crouching characters to collide and cause each other to fly or die

  
Improved unlock mechanism to better deal with users that have played a variety of maps online before attempting to unlock them on their own computers

  
Players who leave the lobby will have their level unlocks deleted, it has been confirmed. Doomsday modifications are no longer reset during challenge mode

  
Doomsday modifiers are no longer reset when utilized with Shared Controller Couch

  
And Fixed an issue when Doomsday sound effects were not controlled by the game’s volume settings. Prevented paper aircraft from permanently deactivating teleporters by blocking their flight path

  
Falling crumbling blocks and projectile explosions have been paused, preventing them from being abused in the challenge mode.




1.6.050 (27 March 2019)



  
It has been improved the diagonal input on analogue control sticks, so that it more closely matches the effect of holding up and sideways on the keyboard

  
Instead of merely 4 jetpacks every round, the jetpack dispenser will have a limitless supply.




Bug Fixes



  
Fixed an issue that was causing all of the blocks in the level to collapse into a single location, causing the game to sluggish and occasionally crash. In online games, this is caused by all players exiting the game at the same time. Fixated jetpacking upwards into specific ceilings or blocks, which results in death. This is particularly noticeable in the Jungle Temple’s subterranean region. Fixed Because their colliders are set to crouch, characters being pushed up into blocks or ceilings can sometimes fit into places where they shouldn’t in certain complex modifier + level designs

  
Characters being pushed up into blocks or ceilings have their colliders set to crouch, making them 1 block high, allowing them to sometimes fit into places where they shouldn’t in certain complex modifier + level designs

  
Fixed a bug where certain combinations of Ghosts and deaths resulted in the UI not appearing correctly

  
And It was discovered that while retrying on challenge levels with the Ghosts modifier set on, dead bodies were multiplying, resulting in levels being overrun by bodies and the system slowing down. Fixed an issue where a player’s jetpack would occasionally not be available for pickup from a jetpack dispenser. Dead Hop should not be allowed after pressing B to retry on difficult levels. There was a problem with some special characters in the save file names, which has been resolved. Issue with crumbling bricks saving in an improper save state has been resolved. Fixed an issue when Doomsday sound effects were not controlled by the game’s volume settings. In challenge mode, it was prevented from resetting the retry indicator if the player died. A issue with blocks that were targeted with duplicate highlighting after they were created has been fixed. Correction of a problem involving fully incorrect results in multiplayer + challenge time + deadhop

  
A bug that allowed arrows and other projectiles to pass through dead bodies has been fixed. Allow for the mirroring of punched flowers, and make certain that they are saved correctly now

  
Various difficulties with German translations overlaps in some UI have been resolved. Fixed a problem that prevented characters who were crouching from picking up coins. an issue where some indestructible blocks would not connect to each other when using the indestructible connector has been resolved

  
Make it so that teleporters can’t re-teleport characters once they’ve been respawned. Characters were prevented from respawning in the start zone if it was completely covered in apocalyptic lava. Fixed an issue that enabled some blocks to be attached to the endzone in the blank level, which had previously been permitted. It has been resolved that the camera would hop about when a non-local player completed a level while the local users only had the local player only view activated. Fixing the Parkour Preset to ensure that it does not contain any traps, as was originally intended.




1.6.040 (4 March 2019)



  
Skins! Modifiers are now available for all nine animals, allowing you to unlock various outfits for each. With 20 variables, you may create your own challenges and game modes: Gravity, Jump Strength, Multi Jump, Player Collisions, Walljumps Disabled, Move Speed, Game Speed, Frictionless Mode, Post-death behavior (Zombie, Ghost, or Dead Hop), Character Size, Jetpack Mode, Invisibility, Dance Invincibility, Moving Block Speed, Projectile Rate of Fire, Projectile Speed, Projectile Explosions, Mirror Level, Doomsday Meteors, and Doomsday Lava

  
And Doomsday Met There are several new items, including a Jetpack and a Jetpack Dispenser, as well as a new Paintbrush tool that allows you to modify the color of set pieces after they have been put in Free Play mode. To the right of the well, there is now a sign indicating that the treehouse has a random level selection sign

  
Allow each player a certain amount of lives, after which they may choose whether to revive automatically when they die or manually by holding down the Retry button. Standard, Disabled, and Auto-Pick are the three new Party Box modes.




Bug Fixes and Improvements



  
Many blocks may now be rotated as well as flipped, which is a significant improvement. To utilize the alternative metamorphosis, hold down the Sprint button while pushing the flip/rotate buttons at the same time. Change the direction of the rotating saw! Change the position of the hockey puck shooter

  
Double Party Box may now be activated for any number of players, which is a significant improvement. In Free Play mode, you may choose whether or not to deal with crumbling block damage by selecting it from the inventory book. Improvement: When resetting in Free Play mode, crumbling blocks will now be returned to their previous damage level, making it easier to construct and test challenge levels. This has been improved: being kicked from AFK will no longer prevent you from rejoining the game’s lobby

  
Issues with the subterranean computer screen not being fully restored after returning to the treehouse have been resolved. Difficulties with tablet screen transitions and scrolling have been resolved, as well as input issues. Fixed a problem with the Twitch integration that caused the message “Connection successful” to appear when there was no connection

  
This problem was resolved in which pausing when using the wardrobe might result in the appearance of a floating cursor

  
After a few games, a problem with arrows and other projectiles vanishing in mid-air has been resolved. An problem where animals might accidentally fall into the party button and become stuck behind it has been resolved. When constructing a custom level in Nuclear Plant, the chance for an infinite loop has been eliminated. After loading a custom level in Free Play, there were some instances where the erroneous Music and Ambient track titles were displayed in the Inventory book. This has been resolved. In Challenge Mode, an exploit that could be exploited to force moving blocks to stop moving has been patched. When sharing a Challenge Time through Twitter, an issue that might result in improper placeholder text being used has been resolved. Corrected a problem where the Start and Goal zones might be manipulated to overlap during Free Play, or where they could overlap with dangers

  
Corrected an issue that enabled a moving hockey puck shooter to harm himself or herself if the puck was travelling at a fast enough rate

  
Corrected a problem that caused the Jungle Temple boulder to occasionally crush animals without really contacting them. It is now more difficult to spam the scoreboard during gaming

  
Deceased players will no longer be able to bring up the scoreboard while other players are running

  
In the subterranean computer, a problem with level thumbnails not downloading or displaying correctly has been resolved. Multiple problems with the tablet’s Keyboard Configuration menu preventing bindings for some actions from being saved or loaded have been resolved. In Free Play mode, a bug that might cause doors to drift away from the play area has been fixed. Fixed a bug that enabled animals to glitch-jump into a 1 block gap, resulting in injuries. In some stages, the spawn location of unlock boxes has been adjusted. This bug was resolved, which caused ice to appear behind the wrecking ball anchor. Improved the situation where players would receive an AFK warning and be booted even if the host’s timer for AFK had been disabled. It was resolved a problem that might have caused the Raccoon’s tie to flicker. Crouching animation for the character has been improved to eliminate visual lag while landing and crouching at the same time. The issue with the cursor name visibility setting no longer working has been resolved. If an animal corpse is in motion, it can now be transported to another location. The exploit that allowed auto-fire controllers to do super-jumping has been patched. Fixed an issue that was causing the Jungle Temple boulder to disappear and not reappear in Free Play

  
Controller users were unable to go beneath certain barriers as quickly as keyboard users due to a bug that was fixed While in the treehouse, a level loading error led the camera to zoom in on the incorrect level portal, which has been resolved. Corrected a problem that caused residual milliseconds to be displayed after the sudden death timer had finished

  
There was a problem where the incorrect rotation for barbed wire would be saved when a level was saved many times

  
This has been resolved. Improved the ability to highlight a piece of glue with the cursor by correcting a bug. There was a bug where the blinking text caret would not display while renaming a level in the subterranean computer, which has been fixed. A bug that enabled animals to be propelled by a spring after scooting underneath it has been fixed. Fixed a problem that enabled players to submit custom levels without include a goal block in the file name

  
Corrected an exploit that might have caused the Challenge timer to begin running late

  
Corrected a problem that prevented the yellow glue indications from showing correctly. Corrected a problem that might have resulted in crumbling bricks being damaged after the level had been reset




1.5.064 (13 November 2018)



  
Optimizing the game’s performance might be beneficial throughout the whole game. Text has had its memory use reduced

  
Upgrade to the most recent version of the Unity Engine

  
Wwise Audio Engine has been updated to version 2018

  
Spectator location is fixed in the blank level

  
Fixed an accidentally lethal section of the Jungle Temple. It was discovered that the main menu announcement picture was not loading correctly in some circumstances. On Jungle Temple, a problem with the sequence of the art layers has been resolved. It is necessary to prevent the linear saw blade from being stuck to objects

  
LevelNet access should be made available to gamers who do not have a Nintendo Online Subscription. Various crashes that occurred during the game have been resolved. The video capture feature has been activated.




1.5.061 (29 September 2018)



  
Improved mainframe performance

  
Prevented glue and ice installation in a few locations where it is not permitted

  
And Keep people from returning to your lobby once they have been thrown out of it

  
Increased the visibility of Upblower across the board on most levels

  
More glue stickiness issues have been fixed. When utilizing the shared controller couch, several bugs with Sudden Death have been resolved. Adjusted the orientation of various artwork on roofs in order to make wall leaping more compatible with it

  
Improvements to the teleporter (particularly in the areas where it is obstructed and unblocked by objects)

  
And There was a problem with the Turkish typeface that has been resolved.




GamerDad: Gaming with Children » Ultimate Chicken Horse (PS4, Switch, Xbox One, PC)


While Ultimate Chicken Horse has a very straightforward idea, it is also, as far as I can tell, somewhat unique in terms of game play. Choose your favorite barnyard animal, such as a horse, a chicken, a sheep, or anything else you choose. After that, you’ll participate in brief 2-D platform races, with the winner receiving points. However, before you begin, each player may choose an object to place on the level, such as platforms or traps, that will make it easier or harder for the other players to complete the level.



  
In addition, a new Chimply Amazing Update has been released, which includes new characters, clothing, levels, items, and more!

  
To begin, you must first decide whether you will be playing couch multiplayer or online, however I believe that playing the game locally will be the most enjoyable experience.

  
There are various different game types to choose from.

  
Then you race through the level, and if at least one player makes it all the way to the end, they will receive points.

  
The pieces you put before will remain in place in the following turn, resulting in one insane level after a few turns!

  
You may also create your own levels and post them to the site to show off, as well as download other people’s efforts.

  
Controlling the playback is straightforward.

  
Like Mega Man X, you have the ability to jump up walls.

  
The biggest issue with this game is that it is almost entirely dependent on the presence of more than one person in it to be enjoyable.

  
What a shame they didn’t improve the single-player experience or something like that!

  
Kid Factor: Ultimate Chicken Horse is classified E-10 by the Entertainment Software Rating Board, with the ESRB label Fantasy Violence.




Reading ability is beneficial for the text, but it is not required for the game itself. Online conversations, on the other hand, should be under the supervision of a parent. Game Reviews are some of the most popular tags on our site.


Ultimate Chicken Horse: All Achievements Guide


How to Obtain All of the Achievements in a Short Amount of Time


Achievements


Play 10 games and 30 games in a row Play 50 games, then 100 games, and so forth. A new level may be unlocked by visiting any stage that has a? on it. This indicates that there is a box on that level that, when collected, will grant any player in the lobby access to a new level, character, or outfit. Unlock all of the levels in the game Unlock A New Character’s Potential Unlock all of the characters in the game. Unlock a new look for yourself. Unlock all of the available outfits. Combine two blocks with honey to form a bridge– Enter Free Play Mode and place one block on the ground.



  
Using honey, glue four blocks together to form a square– Place 4 11-inch blocks on the floor, and then glue them all together.

  
Place 1000 Traps– Enter Free Play Mode and spam traps all over the place for a while to get the achievement.

  
Place several walls from the bottom to the top of the screen and wall jump for a while to unlock the achievement.

  
After that, you should play the game through to completion to receive this achievement.

  
You will need to modify your point rules such that everything but goals and comeback points is disabled, and that always award points for comeback points is enabled only when the player scores a goal.

  
Then have Player 2 score twice and then you both score until you run out of comebacks to score, at which point you finish the game and begin a new one from the beginning.

  
Then there’s Sudden Death.




Go to the Point Settings and make sure that all special points are disabled and that goals are always awarded.


Then start the match and have both of you score twice before finishing the game and repeating the process until you have earned the achievement.


After that, pass through the teleporter and die from the flamethrowers before touching the goal for a postmortem point.


Collect 50 coins– Place a teleporter to Spawn and to the goal, as well as a large number of coins at Spawn, to complete the task.


Continue in this manner until you have collected 50 coins.


Assassinate Someone Using Your Bow and Arrow Change the options such that the Length Limit is no longer applicable 100 times.


During Player Two’s last moments, jump into the void 100 times to get yet another achievement.


To Die In The Void 100 Times, Simply Jump Into The Void 100 Times In Free Play Mode During The Game.


Place a hockey puck shooter on the ground with an additional controller or a friend and have Player 2 die to it 100 times, without scoring any points so that the match does not finish.


Die in a Black Hole 50 times– Go into Free Play and place a Black Hole at the center of the map, then jump into it 50 times.


Ten times, you must die while holding a coin. Score 100 points on your own– with three other players, have them all die and you score 100 points on your own.


Ultimate Chicken Horse (Switch) Review — The Gamers Lounge


On September 25th, 2018, the film will be released (Switch Edition) Clever Endeavour is the publisher and developer of this game. Switch (reviewed), PlayStation 4 (already reviewed), Xbox One, and Steam are the gaming platforms available. $14.99 is the cost of this item. To be honest, the most flattering thing I can say about Ultimate Chicken Horse is how little I’ve really played it. In December of last year, I wrote a review of the PlayStation 4’s launch. One of my criticisms was that it was more difficult for my young children to pick up, but I was confident that they would like it if given the opportunity.


Ultimate Chicken Horse has been at least a weekly endeavor for them, and they have often enlisted the assistance of their parents in the endeavor.


When the opportunity to evaluate the forthcoming Switch release presented itself, I leaped at the chance and offered to review it on my son’s Switch account on the condition that I was allowed to use his account for the review and that the game remained in his digital library when I was through.


Every time he’s had any game time, it’s been more Ultimate Chicken Horse.


My children have pushed the bounds of the game by creating anything they wanted out of the random deathtraps, such as the time my youngest created his own version of the climactic battle with Dark Beast Ganon in Breath of the Wild.


Making funny traps and challenging one another has proven to be more entertaining for our family than participating in serious events, and I wouldn’t have it any other way.’ Ultimate Chicken Horse makes a welcome return to the Nintendo Switch, bringing with it the fast-paced party gameplay that the title is known for.



  
Matches have a real “I can do one better” sense about them because of the continual balancing of danger and reward.

  
There is an additional chimp character, new levels, and cross-platform play between PC and Switch.

  
New game modes, such as a flat racing mode in which scoring are based entirely on finish order, or weapon restrictions that restrict players to a specific selection of weapons, provide a whole new depth to gaming.

  
It provides for some entertaining pre-created stages, but it is not suitable for the slapdash party style gameplay.

  
Even if you already own the game, it may not be worth it to double-dip unless the portable part of the game is really appealing to you.

  
In the time that my children and I have spent playing the game together on the PlayStation 4, they have not unlocked many features.

  
Being aware that unlocking everything else with bare-bones startup would likely result in the “Chimply Amazing” bonus items appearing after doing so, I searched for and discovered the “unlock everything” code that had been utilized in earlier versions.

  
On other systems, this would be a barrier to further advancement.

  
Ultimate Chicken Horse for the Nintendo Switch delivers the same insane party fun and online challenge modes as previous versions, but with the added convenience of mobility provided by the Switch.

  
If you want to know more about the game, check out my earlier review, but the other modes (which are also included in other editions) open up entirely new ways to play.




Ultimate Chicken Horse for Nintendo Switch – Nintendo


Up to 75 Gold Points are available to you if you qualify. Have you ever wished you were a wall-jumping, arrow-dodging, trap-setting horse, edging out your animal companions in a race through a peril-filled obstacle course that you and your friends designed and built? The wish has been granted! Ultimate Chicken Horse is a multiplayer platformer in which you and your friends construct the level as you play, putting deadly traps along the way before attempting to reach the finish of the level. If you are able to attend but your friends are unable to, you will receive bonus points.


– Up to 4 people can participate in online and local play.


– Compete for the fastest timings on Challenge levels across all platforms to become the greatest in the world.


– Sweet and groovy music score


Supported play modes


TV mode, tabletop mode, and handheld mode are all available.


Supported languages


Japanese, British English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Latin American Spanish, Canadian French, Brazilian Portuguese, Traditional Chinese, and American English are some of the languages spoken in the United States. For online play, a Nintendo Switch Online membership (available separately) as well as a Nintendo Account are required. Not all nations have access to this service. Internet connectivity is necessary in order to use the online features.


nintendo.com/switch-online Clever Endeavour Games are taking place this year.
