Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=8815958



VRV Review


In 2013, I started my Ziff Davis career as an intern on PCMag's Software team. Now, I’m an Analyst on the Apps and Gaming team, and I really just want to use my fancy Northwestern University journalism degree to write about video games. I host The Pop-Off, PCMag's video game show. I was previously the Senior Editor for Geek.com. I’ve also written for The A.V. Club, Kotaku, and Paste Magazine. I’m currently working on a book about the history of video games, and I’m the reason everything you think you know about Street Sharks is a lie.


The Bottom Line


VRV bundles together multiple classic, alternative, and international animation streaming services for a subscription package stronger than the sum of its niche parts.


PCMag editors select and review products independently. If you buy through affiliate links, we may earn commissions, which help support our testing.


Pros



  
Wide variety of shows and movies to watch

  
Content spans different animation genres and channels

  
À la carte pricing options

  
Offline downloads

  
Unlimited simultaneous streams




Cons


Part of the reason we all initially flocked to video streaming services was because they offered freedom, convenience, and lower prices compared to labyrinthine cable bundles. It’s ironic then that as the streaming market becomes more crowded, smaller services are banding together to offer cable-like packages. It’s the only way they stand a chance against titans like Netflix and Amazon Prime. VRV’s (pronounced “verve”) coalition of niche channels, from old cartoons to cult movies, won’t fully replace your need for a general streaming service. Still, VRV’s wide variety of classic, alternative, and international animation and more makes it more than strong enough to be our Editors’ Choice for anime streaming services.


[Editors' Note: As of March 1, Sony has begun consolidating its anime streaming services under Crunchyroll. Content from Funimation and VRV will migrate (Opens in a new window) to Crunchyroll, the service where new shows will premiere. Sony recommends canceling your account on these obsolete platforms.]


Since 1982, PCMag has tested and rated thousands of products to help you make better buying decisions. See how we test. (Opens in a new window)


What Can You Watch on VRV?


VRV combines several streaming services into one library. At the time of this writing, VRV includes Boomerang, Cartoon Hangover, Crunchyroll, Hidive, Mondo, NickSplat, Rooster Teeth, and VRV Select original shows. Depending on licensing deals, some channels may come and go the way individual movies and shows disappear from other services. Horror channel Shudderand educational channel CuriosityStream are two high-profile departures. Still, VRV offers the best variety we’ve seen among smaller, more targeted services, and especially among those that feature anime. VRV definitely has a perceived audience, the type of geek who’s probably really into Adult Swim. But, as it turns out, a really eclectic mix of content falls under that broad demographic.


Boomerang (emphasis on boomer) offers a catalog of classic cartoons, not just ancient stuff like Flintstones and Looney Tunes, but also more recent nostalgia bait from Cartoon Network. Remember Codename: Kids Next Door? NickSplat brings me back to my 90s childhood with All That, CatDog, and Rocket Power. Newer Nickelodeon movies are Netflixexclusives, while Hulu has some NickToons, too. Cartoon Hangover and Mondo offer edgier, indie cartoons such as Axe Copand Bravest Warriors from Adventure Time creator Pendleton Ward. The Rooster Teeth channel has Red vs. Blue, RWBY, and everything else you want from the gaming YouTubers. VRV Select’s mix of old movies and original shows feels nicely curated. The type of people who would watch HarmonQuest, a role-playing show from Community and Rick and Morty co-creator Dan Harmon, would totally be down to also watch Clive Barker’s 90’s horror classic, Nightbreed.


VRV also has two dedicated anime channels, Crunchyroll and Hidive (Opens in a new window) . Some top Crunchyroll shows include Attack on Titan, Death Note, and FLCL. Meanwhile, Hidive has Darwin’s Game, Lupin the 3rd, and Made in Abyss. I’ve criticized other services for having libraries I felt were too limited in scope to justify their independent existence, whether it’s the superhero shows on DC Universe or the dubbed anime on Funimation. However, VRV’s anime doesn’t need to carry the full burden. It’s just an especially powerful player in the larger team. Hidive’s anime dubs replace Funimation (another channel once available, but now removed), while Crunchyroll offers over 1,200 high-quality subs.


Similar Products


Crunchyroll


Netflix


Hulu


Apple TV+


CBS All Access


Amazon Prime Video


Funimation


Shudder


RetroCrush


DC Universe Infinite


VRV is a part of Otter Media (a subsidiary of the AT&T-owned Warner Media). Otter Media also owns Crunchyroll, so I don’t see it leaving VRV anytime soon. Warner Media also owns DC Universe and the upcoming HBO Max, two streaming services that will share some shows with each other. VRV may end up becoming part of that ecosystem in the future.


Pricing and Platforms


Aside from VRV Select, you can watch pretty much everything on VRV for free with ads in 1080p. Because its channels are somewhat in flux, it’s hard to say how many shows are on VR at any given moment, but VRV claims it has 20,000 hours of material. That material is mostly taken from other sources.


You don’t have to go through VRV to subscribe to Crunchyroll ($7.99) or Boomerang ($4.99). However, for $9.99 per month, VRV Premium is a pretty affordable way to get all of these channels at once. You can pay for premium versions of individual channels, but since they all hover around the $5 mark, those interested in more than one channel might as well go for the whole thing. The month-long free trial gives you plenty of time to make up your mind. Amazon Prime Video has similar, albeit more restrictive, functionality with Prime Video Channels. Other VRV premium bonuses include ad-free streams, first access to shows, and offline viewing, even for Crunchyroll, which lacks that feature by itself.


Speaking of Crunchyroll, its $14.99-per-month Crunchyroll Super Fan Pack includes everything on VRV along with discounts at the MunchPak and Right Stuff Anime stores. A VRV premium account on its own gives you access to Crunchyroll’s entire anime catalog. However, despite sharing libraries, Crunchyroll has features that VRV lacks like a store, a manga reader, and an active community. So, if anime is your passion, you might want to hop between the two services anyway. You just need to link your accounts.


Even with all of its different channels, VRV’s premium price compares favorably to competitors such as Amazon Prime Video ($8.99), Apple TV+ ($4.99), ad-free CBS All Access ($9.99), DC Universe ($7.99), Disney+ ($6.99) Funimation ($5.99), ad-free Hulu ($11.99), and Netflix’s standard plan ($12.99). Most of these services are targeted at more mainstream audiences and as a result feature a greater variety of shows, including prestige original shows. VRV isn’t the only bundle of multiple streaming services. You can subscribe to Disney+, ESPN+, and Hulu for one discounted price of $12.99. If you never want to pay anything though, there's also RetroCrush for vintage anime that's totally free.


On the web, VRV is available on Chrome (55+), Edge (15+), Firefox (60+), and Safari (10+). As for other media streaming devices, VRV is also available on Android, iOS, Amazon Fire TV, Android TV, Apple TV, Chromecast, Roku, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One. Huluis still the only video streaming service on Nintendo Switch.


VRV on the Web


VRV’s stylish, unified web interface makes all of its channels feel like a cohesive whole instead of disconnected parts. The home menu highlights top picks from across all the channels, along with show recommendations and those you started, but haven’t finished, watching.


On the left, there is a panel listing all of your channel subscriptions. Hopping between them is a snap. The menu for each channel is basically identical to the home menu, but exclusively features shows from that channel. Pages for each show have a similar layout, too. The web player itself looks a little outdated, similar to what I saw on Crunchyroll, but it takes up a large portion of the screen with few distractions. I saw only occasional stuttering over my home Wi-Fi network (60Mbps download). I couldn’t find any bandwidth recommendations that might have alleviated this minor issue.


While watching a show, you can browse through other episodes and leave comments. You can also favorite a show and add it to your watchlist for later. VRV encourages you to create a lengthy watchlist and offers lots of ways for sorting and looking through your chosen content. You can filter based on title, date added, type (show or movie), and the all-important anime distinction, subbed or dubbed.


There’s no store on VRV for purchasing merchandise or physical media, nor are there features (besides the comments sections) aimed at fostering a sense of community. The VRV blog hasn’t been updated in nearly a year, either. Other anime streaming services do a better job flattering the fandom of their users to better mask the limitations of their niche libraries. Fortunately, VRV’s library stands up fine on its own.


VRV on Mobile


I tested VRV on an iPhone 11 and immediately noticed how much better the player is there than on the web. The mobile version looks more modern and lets you skip forward and back ten seconds. You can even enable notifications for new shows to watch. You can even shake the phone to mix up your avatar.


On mobile, you have a separate section in your watchlist for synced shows. This where you find shows you’ve downloaded for offline viewing, a major extra feature for Crunchyroll, especially. Downloads just may take a little while. As for simultaneous streams, VRV lets an unlimited number of devices in a single house stream from the same account. A standalone Crunchyroll account limits you to two.


Accessibility and Parental Controls


VRV lets you opt in or out to mature content. It’s better than not blocking the content at all, which is the case on Crunchyroll and DC Universe, but I would still prefer parental controls stronger than just a simple toggle. You’re also limited to one account and set of settings.


You adjust accessibility options while watching a video, as opposed to in a separate menu. You can choose between available languages, turn off auto-play, and change the look of subtitles and backgrounds for easier reading. Like the video players themselves, I found the options menus on mobile more pleasing to look at than on the web.


VRV and VPN


Using a VPN is one of the best ways to protect yourself online. But you always roll the dice when using a VPN with a streaming service because they often don’t play well together. Companies behind streaming services seek to block VPNs that spoof your geographic data in order to protect international licensing deals.


VRV is currently only available in the US. As I suspected, when I connected my Windows laptop to a Denmark-based ProtonVPNserver, I couldn’t access the site. The good news is that I could still stream content if I connected to a VPN server based in the US. Streaming services are finding new ways to block VPN traffic all the time, so VRV may even stop working over all VPN connections in the future.


Stronger Together


Plenty of people should be more than satisfied with anime-only streaming services such as Crunchyroll and Funimation. Meanwhile, DC Universe features a whole catalog of content based on what’s essentially half of the American superhero comic book market. But VRV earns an Editors' Choice for anime streaming services, thanks to a library that combines the focused passion of these scrappy rivals with enough volume and variety to feel like truly vital viewing. Some days you feel like anime, other days you just want Scooby-Doo. VRV gets there without inflating the price or sacrificing important features.


For general streaming services, Netflix is our Editors’ Choice because of its excellent and pop-culture friendly original shows. For live TV streaming, Hulu and YouTube TV are the Editors’ Choice thanks to their affordable price and substantial channel lineups.


What is VRV? Everything you need to know about the geek-centric streamer


Learn everything you need to know about VRV, the perfect streamer for sci-fi, anime, and gaming fans.


If anime, fantasy, and gaming content is your bag, finding a one-stop-shop for all your streaming needs has become a lot easier. While the field used to be fairly crowded, Crunchyroll has largely taken over, and it’s merging with other services, including VRV. So, what is VRV?


The geeky streaming service has a pretty niche appeal. It’s likely to either be exactly what you’re looking for or have nothing for you.


If you’re on the fence, though, have a look at our breakdown. We’ll fill you in on everything you need to know about VRV, including how the merger with Crunchyroll will affect VRV’s future.


What is VRV?


VRV (pronounced “verve”) is a standalone streaming service that focuses on anime, animation, gaming, comedy, fantasy, and technology. The service launched in 2016 and has been expanding ever since.


The service bundles similar content into dedicated “channels” to let you organize your viewing according to subgenres and interests.


Is VRV worth it?


Whether VRV is worth it really depends on your viewing tastes. If all you want in a streaming service is romcoms, horror movies, or reality TV, for example, keep walking. This service just won’t give you what you’re looking for.


If you want to know whether there’s enough content to justify a paid membership, then the answer is yes. You’re getting a solid amount of stuff to watch without breaking the bank, and the more of it you want to watch, the more that value goes up.


How does VRV work?


VRV works a lot like other streaming services in that you sign up and have unlimited access to a “Premium” library. Stream whatever you want, whenever you want.


How much does VRV cost?


VRV Premium comes in at the fairly average subscription price of $9.99 per month.


Can I get VRV for free?


VRV Premium is a paid subscription service, but you have a few options if you want it for free.


First, there’s the free trial, which is by definition a limited-time opportunity. When you sign up, you can click on the 30-day free trial and enjoy the service for free for about a month. Just make sure to cancel your subscription before the trial period ends to avoid being charged.


VRV also has over 20,000 hours of free content, which varies and is updated regularly. Some channels will have exclusive series for members who have a Premium account, so heads up that you won’t have access to everything even on “free” channels.


The downside to watching your favourite content for free using this method is that you’ll have to sit through ads, and you won’t get all content as soon as you would with a Premium account.


How do I sign up for VRV?


If this kind of service is appealing to you, head over to the VRV website to sign up and start watching.


You can check out the free content first, or grab a free trial before committing to a paid membership.


Does it still make sense to sign up for VRV when it’s going to be part of Crunchyroll soon?


Crunchyroll announced in March 2022 that it would combine its library with that of Funimation, Wakanim, and VRV, hosting everything under the Crunchyroll roof.


That means VRV isn’t long for this world. We don’t know exactly how long the full transition will take, though. If you like what VRV offers, you can still sign up, but your best bet is probably Crunchyroll.


Existing Funimation, Wakanim, and VRV subscribers have been sent a code for 60 days of Crunchyroll for free to ease the transition, but it doesn’t look like new VRV subscribers will get that deal.


What channels do I get with VRV?


VRV doesn’t quite include everything it used to. Current VRV Premium channels are:


You may wonder why you’d want to sign up for VRV for something like Crunchyroll, which is available as a standalone streamer. It’s a fair question, especially if you already have a free Crunchyroll account. With VRV, you can keep everything in one place, and as a VRV Premium subscriber, your Crunchyroll membership will be upgraded to Premium, giving you access to more content, simulcast for quicker access, no ads, discounts on the Crunchyroll store, and more.


But VRV does more than just bring together your existing services with extra perks. As a Premium member, you also get exclusive channels MONDO and VRV Select.


Can I get Funimation content on VRV?


As we’ve mentioned, Funimation has merged with Crunchyroll, meaning the Crunchyroll library is expanding.


While that may sound like exciting news for VRV subscribers, be warned that the Crunchyroll access you get with VRV is now going to be reduced, making a standalone Crunchyroll subscription a bit more appealing to anyone who wants all that new content.


According to VRV, “All new series from the upcoming Spring season will stream exclusively on Crunchyroll.” If you want that new content, you’ll want to cancel your VRV subscription and sign up for Crunchyroll.


It’s not clear how long Sony (which owns VRV and Crunchyroll) will keep VRV alive.


Sony is currently working on allowing subscribers to migrate their VRV watch history and queue to Crunchyroll, but that service isn’t yet offered.


What can I watch on VRV?


So, a list of channels is all well and good, but what’s on those channels? And how do you choose the right ones for you?


Some channels cast a wide net. Exclusive channel VRV Select includes a broad, curated selection of popular films and series. These include:



  
HarmonQuest

  
Cyanide and Happiness

  
My Brother, My Brother and Me

  
Hidden America!




Crunchyroll, which is also available as a standalone service, has a huge selection of anime. With a Premium membership, some of those titles are even simulcast so that you can watch as they air in Japan. Popular titles include:



  
Demon Slayer: Kimetsu no Yaiba

  
Dr. Stone

  
Attack on Titan

  
One-Punch Man

  
Naruto

  
Black Clover

  
Hunter x Hunter




Have a look around on VRV to find your favorite channels.


What devices are supported by VRV?


VRV is available on most of the major devices you’d expect. You can watch on your web browser, Xbox One, PlayStation 4, Chromecast, iOS phones/iPads, Android devices OS v5.0 and above as well as Android TV, Fire TV, Apple TV, and newer Roku devices.


Can I download videos from VRV?


While VRV is an online streamer, there are probably times you’ll want to watch your favorite content when you don’t have internet access. Say you’re taking a train with spotty Wi-Fi over the holidays to see your folks. That’s a perfect time to queue up some anime. No worries. VRV is set up for that, as long as you have a Premium account.


You can download content to your device of choice through the VRV app on iOS and Android. Tap the arrow icon next to the episode you want, and it’ll be synced to your device and available in your “offline viewing” list.


Now, unlike some other streamers, VRV does limit the functionality of your offline downloads. You’ll have offline access for a limited, set amount of time (usually seven days), and you’ll have 48 hours to watch any given title from the time you press play. Because of some licensing agreements, there are some titles that can’t be downloaded, but most can, and VRV is working to expand offline availability everywhere else.


VRV: Different All Together


VRV - это ведущий потоковый сервис, созданный на основе фандомов. Наслаждайтесь тщательно подобранной подборкой популярного и перспективного научно-фантастического, комедийного и аниме-видеоконтента. Смотрите любимые фанатами инди-шоу, смотрите новейшие аниме на Crunchyroll и наслаждайтесь более необычным контентом. С множеством шоу и фильмов, которые вы действительно хотите посмотреть . VRV - это фандом у вас под рукой.


Наслаждайтесь названиями с этих каналов:


- Crunchyroll
- Мондо
- Выбор VRV


Присоединяйтесь бесплатно, чтобы смотреть свои любимые шоу прямо сейчас. Воспользуйтесь премиум-версией для просмотра без рекламы, а также для просмотра в автономном режиме на своем любимом мобильном устройстве Android.


Безопасность данных


Чтобы контролировать безопасность, нужно знать, как разработчики собирают ваши данные и передают их третьим лицам. Методы обеспечения безопасности и конфиденциальности могут зависеть от того, как вы используете приложение, а также от вашего региона и возраста. Информация ниже предоставлена разработчиком и в будущем может измениться.
