Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=1427624



Vanguard Zombies Camos finally arrive in Warzone Pacific Season 4 Reloaded


Warzone players were begging for Vanguard Zombies Camos, and these will finally arrive in Warzone Pacific Season 4 Reloaded.


Vanguard Zombies offers a huge Camo grind, allowing players to equip the coveted Dark Aether camo on their weapons, and Season 4 Reloaded has brought these Camos to Warzone.


While Call of Duty: Vanguard’s multiplayer Mastery Camos are available in Warzone, some prefer the Zombies equivalents: Golden Viper, Plague Diamond, and Dark Aether. So they were disappointed that Zombies Camos didn’t arrive in Warzone Pacific at launch.


Players had been eagerly awaiting any news of Warzone receiving Vanguard Zombies Weapon Camos, and now these have been finally confirmed to arrive as part of the Season 4 Reloaded update.


When do Vanguard Zombies camos arrive in Warzone?


Both Warzone and Vanguard are about to become battlegrounds that are overrun by zombies and machines when the mid-season update goes live on July 27. When this happens, players will be able to access Zombie Camo weapons in Warzone.


The developers confirmed in an official blog post that players who have unlocked Vanguard Zombie Camos will be able to show them off in Rebirth of the Dead, Caldera, and Fortune’s Keep.


This means that you can equip the Golden Viper, Plague Diamond, and Dark Aether when you’re battling the undead in Warzone Pacific Season 4 Reloaded’s Titanium Trials Endurance mode.


It took Raven Software six months to add Cold War Zombies camos to Warzone, and players had been begging the developers to bring the Vanguard Zombies Weapon Camos to Warzone Pacific.


The Season 4 Reloaded update will include a ton of other fun content, such as a Terminator crossover that will feature the T-800 and T-1000 as unlockable Operator skins for you to equip in battle.


For more Warzone, you can check out our guide on the Rebirth of the Dead mode as well as everything you need to know about the Titanium Trials Endurance mode.


Image Credit: Raven Software / Sledgehammer Games


Cold War Zombies camos finally arrive in Warzone


After a long wait, Cold War Zombies camos have finally arrived in Warzone as part of the Season 5 Reloaded update.


After the devs revealed Zombies camos would be coming to Warzone, players have been desperate for them to arrive. Now, in Season 5 Reloaded, Golden Viper, Plague Diamond, and Dark Aether, and more can be applied in Warzone.


Warzone Season 5 Reloaded is here, bringing brand-new game modes, The Numbers event, and significant weapon balancing. It also brought confirmation of a long-requested addition – Zombies Mastery Camos.


When Black Ops Cold War first integrated with Warzone in December 2020, fans who had grinded for the Cold War Zombies Mastery Camos – Golden Viper, Plague Diamond, and Dark Aether – were disappointed that they weren’t available in Warzone.


However, Raven Software confirmed in the Season 5 Reloaded update that all of the Zombies camos have finally arrived in Warzone.


Although not officially included in the Warzone Season 5 patch notes, devs Raven Software tweeted the Zombies camos arrival not long after the update dropped. This confirmed that all of the Zombies camos, including Mastery Camos, are now available in Warzone.


Because these are Cold War camos, they can only be applied to Cold War guns. And to earn them, you must either own Cold War or play in the occasional free weekend. From here, load into Zombies, and start grinding the camos.


However, Raven Software has acknowledged an issue that is stopping Zombies Mastery Camos from showing on certain weapons, including those from Season 5 such as the EM2. While all of the other Zombies camos are there, the three Mastery Camos aren’t available.


Raven confirmed that they’re investigating the issue, and will “provide an update soon.” Stay tuned to Charlie INTEL, as we’ll keep you updated on when Mastery Camos will be available for all weapons.


How to apply Zombies camos in Warzone


Applying Zombies camos in Warzone is simple, as the devs have added a new tab to the Camouflage selection screen.


Here’s how to apply Zombies camos in Warzone:



  
Launch Call of Duty: Warzone

  
Go to the ‘Weapons’ tab and hit ‘Edit Loadout’

  
Select a loadout slot and equip a Black Ops Cold War weapon of your choice

  
Click on ‘Gunsmith’

  
Go to the ‘Customize’ tab and select ‘Camouflage’

  
Navigate to the ‘Zombies’ tab and select your favorite Zombies camo!




For more Warzone, check out the feature streamer NICKMERCS believes Vanguard Warzone needs, and stay tuned for future news and guides.
