Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=5158186



FFIXV: Fashion Report Guide (October 18 2022)


Every week the Fashion Report changes in FFXIV. You can participate in the event at The Gold Saucer, and if your outfit is up to their standards, you earn 60,000 MGP. It’s one of the easiest ways to make large amounts of MGP each week, especially if you’re saving up for some of the most expensive items you can buy. Here is the weekly Fashion report in FFXIV for the week of October 18, 2022.


FFIXV: Fashion Report Guide (October 18, 2022)


The Fashion Report changes every Tuesday, so be sure to complete it every week before the next weekly reset. You can find the Masked Rose to participate at The Gold Saucer (X: 7.2, Y:7.4). You get three weekly attempts to build an outfit that will receive at least an 80 out of 100. However, every week there is a different theme. All you get as a hint is the sheet with vague clues about what type of items works best in each slot.


Luckily, plenty of community members make excellent sheets for you to use. Often you’ll either have the piece of gear already, or it can be purchased off the market board pretty cheap.


If you want the full 50,000 MGP you’ll need to score an 80, but if you want to go for the perfect score, you’ll receive a player title. Once you’ve completed the perfect score once, you won’t get any additional rewards, so always shoot for that 80.


Here are the prompts for this week’s Fashion report.



  
Head: Chapeau du Choice

  
Hands: Simple is Best

  
Legs: Superbly Spiked

  
Boots: Shivering Timbers




We will update this guide as more information comes out about which pieces of gear will score you that 80 points this week.


Well, that’s everything you need to know about this week’s FFXIV Fashion Report. Check out all of our other helpful FFXIV guides, such as the Abyssos Raid loot table or the Island Sanctuary respawn timers.


Jesse Vitelli


Jesse loves most games, but he really loves games that he can play together with friends and family. This usually means late nights in Destiny 2 or FFXIV. You can also find him chipping away at his ever-expanding backlog of JRPGS or staring at his massive Amiibo collection.


The FFXIV community will help you solve the fashion report, every week


If you, like me, have recently started your journey through Final Fantasy XIV, you might also be extremely confused by basically everything going on with the Manderville Gold Saucer. This casino features a host of minigames that earn MGP, which in turn you can use to buy exclusive cosmetics. The weekly Fashion Report is one of the best ways to rack up MGP, but it’s also the one that requires the most extra effort and research.


Luckily, members of the FFXIV community are willing to do that research so you don’t have to. Each Fashion Report asks players to put together a look that matches a stated theme. Themes are given out on Tuesdays at 1am PDT / 4am EDT / 9am BST, and you can take your outfit to be judged starting Fridays at 1am PDT / 4am EDT / 9am BST. You can make four attempts for a good judgement.


Players typically hit the FFXIV subreddit to trade theories about the most effective outfits, and user kaiyoko collates the results into an image that best gear to pick out for the judgement every Friday. There’ll typically be a simple outfit that earns you the 80 points necessary to get the basic MGP reward, and a more challenging set of gear to acquire for the full 100 points.


The chart also breaks down the most straightforward locations where you can get the items for each outfit, whether that be a dungeon, a specific vendor, or the market board. You can see this week’s example below.


The Endwalker release date is coming up in November so both you, dear reader, and I have just a few months left to finally start understanding the remainder of FFXIV’s myriad mechanics.


 Dustin Bailey Dustin's all about retro games and adventure games, as well as being a Final Fantasy XIV devotee. His proudest accomplishment at PCGamesN is carving out a niche for Truck Simulator coverage. A former Senior News Writer, you can now find him at GamesRadar.
