Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=6863490



Whack Your Neighbour


Whack Your Neighbour is another bloody game inspired by Whack Your Boss. Your neighbour is a pain in the ass? Pretty sure everyone has or had an extremely annoying neighbour in their life. It's time for revenge! It is completely human that sometimes people just don't get along. But you could never hurt your neighbour in real life because that would most probably result in jail for you. Luckily there are online games like this one, where you can set your brutal immagination and creativity free to generate some laughs - at least for yourself.


Choose one of 27 Ways to Whack Your Neighbour and shut him up permanently. Click on the different items in the picture and see what happens. Featuring many typical and everyday garden objects to use, the game offers a blend of creativity and direct kill methods. Much fun with Whack Your Neighbour!


Whack Your Neighbour


Do you have any neighbor, who really nerves you? Well, then this game is for you. You must do everything to kill the neighbor. Just try to find all the methods and set the best record. Are you ready for that? Then enjoy the game right now and you will love it.


Hm! It is quite strange and your neighbor is so awful! That is why you should try to find all 27 ways to brutally whack your neighbor in this stress busting murder game and you can be sure that this game is for you! Featuring many typical and everyday garden objects to use, the game offers a blend of creativity and direct kill methods. So, if you are ready for such a challenging game, then do not waste your precious time and you will cope with it. Is everything clear? Then do not stop and win the game.


Game Statistics


Tags


Game Developer


Embed Game



Share


Games Similar Whack Your Neighbour


Whack Your Computer


In this game your main goal is to find all ways to crash your computer. Use your mouse and we wish you good luck.


Whack Your Zombie Neighbour Sports Edition


Whack Your Boss: Superhero Style


Got offended by your boss? it's time for a revenge.


Whack Your Neighbour


Try to find all 27 ways to brutally whack your neighbour in this stress busting murder game. Featuring many typical and everyday garden objects to use, the game offers a blend of creativity and direct kill methods. Whack Your Neighbour represents a neighbour dispute scenario on steroids.


Short Life


Apple Shooter


Range of the Dead


Handless Millionaire: Trick The Guillotine


Beauty Ella Appendix Surgery


Squid Game Big Pain


Blast the Monster


JollyWorld


Zombies Shooter


Zombie Shooter 2 3D


Backstreet Sniper


A Mole in a Hole


Survival In Zombies Desert


Handless-Millionaire


Zombie Slasher


Fun Ear Doctor


Karoshi Portal


Miss Mechanic's Brain Surgery


Мы пользуемся файлами cookies для рекомендаций по контенту, сбора статистических данных по трафику и персонализированной рекламы. Пользуясь этим сайтом, вы соглашаетесь с Условия Использования и Правила использования Cookie.
