Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=7647053



Prezley Lea


YouTuber and gaming personality who rose to fame by publishing videos about the Adopt Me! Roblox modification. His videos have been viewed more than 645 million times on the platform. They have often featured hacks and insights into the games.


Before Fame


He published "HOW I TRADED FROM NOTHING TO LEGENDARY!" in January of 2020.


Trivia


His most popular video was viewed more than 2 million times. In the video he shared a secret code for a special animal. Prezley dressed as Beetle Juice for Halloween in 2021.


Family Life


His family members are also YouTube personalities and he appears on their EMPIRE Family channel. He has a younger sister named Charlotte, also known as Charli and Miss Charli.


Associated With


In September 2019, his family did a challenge called Last to Stop Watching SIS vs BRO.


What Is Prezley Roblox password


Prezley Lea was born in his birthplace, Australia on November 17, 2007. His age is 14 years old and his horoscope is Scorpio. He holds Australian nationality. The name of her mothers is Beck and Bec. Both of them are his mother.



  
Social Media

  
Professional Life

  
Relationship Status

  
Body Measurements

  
Personal life

  
Explosion in popularity

  
Upgrading from Noob to Pro videos

  
People in videos

  
Other channels

  
PREZLEY PLAYS

  
PREZLEY SIM

  
PREZLEY MINECRAFT




Likewise, her mothers are lesbian and are married to each other.


He also has a sister and her name is Charli. He has featured all of his family members on his Youtube videos. Moreover, they also have a family channel and they do post videos regularly on it as well.


He has also shared pictures along with his mothers and his sister on his Instagram page.


Regarding his educational background and qualification, the name of the educational institutions he attended or is attending is not available at the moment. And considering his age, he must be attending secondary school in his locality.


Caption: Prezley Lea along with his parents and sister (Source: Instagram)


Social Media


Prezley Lea is pretty active on all of his social accounts. He has garnered 1.66 million subscribers on Youtube and 16.1 followers on Instagram. Likewise, their family channel has mustered 88.9K subscribers on Youtube.


Professional Life


Prezley Lea created a Youtube channel under his name, “PREZLEY”. He launched this channel on April 16, 2019, and has accumulated altogether 38,386,829 views until now. He makes unique Roblox gaming videos about Adopt Me, Overlook Bay, Piggy, Bloxburg, and more.


And, outside of Roblox he studies musical theatre and goes to a performing arts high school majoring in musical theatre. The first-ever video he posted on his channel is HOW I TRADED FROM NOTHING TO LEGENDARY!! Roblox Adopt Me.


This video was uploaded on January 27, 2020, and has garnered altogether 31K views until now.


And since then, he has been regularly sharing videos on his channel.


Likewise, I BECAME A CRIMINAL TRYING TO MAKE MONEY IN BLOXBURG!! and The BEST Way To Make MONEY in Adopt Me Roblox!! Prezley Meets Denis Daily. are the second and third videos posted on his channel.


More About Career…


Some of the popular videos on the channel are This SECRET CODE Gets You Your DREAM PET in Adopt Me! 100% WORKING 2020 PREZLEY Roblox Adopt Me Code, How To Get FREE PETS in ADOPT ME HACK! Plus *FREE Fly Potions* Adopt Me Roblox.


Some other popular videos are This SECRET LOCATION Gets You FREE UNICORN EGGS in Adopt Me!! Roblox! PREZLEY, HACKS TO DUPLICATE PETS to MAKE MEGA NEONS FAST in Adopt Me Roblox!! Prezley Adopt Me, and How To Get a FREE FLY POTION.


He also has a family channel under the name “EMPIRE Family” which is collaborated by his mother and his sister. Their family channel was launched on May 1, 2018, and has accumulated altogether 7,398,467 views to date.


They share vlogs, pranks, challenges, and many other funny videos on their family channel. Moreover, LAST TO LEAVE THE ISLAND WINS $1000!! Kids Version of Mr. Beast Challenge! is the most popular video on their channel.


Relationship Status


Prezley Lea is possibly single at the moment and seems to be more focused on his career, studies, and Youtube rather than being in a relationship. Or maybe he wants to keep his personal and love life private and away from the social world.


Moreover, he is still very young to be in a relationship, maybe that’s why he is single and has not been in a relationship until now. However, he has a lot of admirers and is loved by a lot of people.


Body Measurements


He has a height of 5 feet 5 inches and his weight is 49 Kg. However, his other body measurements such as his chest size, waist size, hip size, and bicep size, are unknown as they are still under review. Moreover, he has dirty blonde hair and blue eyes.


Prezley Lea posing for a picture (Source: Instagram)


Net Worth


Moreover, his exact net worth is $0.3 million dollars through his main income source Youtube.
