Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=190501



Home


If you see this, your JavaScript might be disabled or DiscordIntegrator plugin isn't working. If the latter, please contact a wiki administrator.


Ninja Legends is a ninjitsu training simulator Roblox game developed by Scriptbloxian Studios. The objective of the game is to training ninjitsu and buy swords and ranks to become more powerful. The higher your ninjitsu is, the more powerful you are.


⚔️⚡LATEST-UPDATE: - NEW 'Blazing Vortex Island' with 48 New Swords, 3 New Ranks, New Belts & New Skills! - NEW 'Blazing Vortex Pack' containing the most OP Pets on Roblox! - NEW 'Infinity Void' Pet Crystal! Find it on the new Island! - ZEN MASTER! The Zen Master has come to trade with your extra Gems! Find him on Dragon Legend Island! - NEW FORTUNE WHEEL! Spin the wheel daily to receive epic rewards! - PREMIUM BENEFITS! Check the new premium menu in-game! - NEW 'Blazing Entity' Element! Unlock it at the Altar of Elements! - NEW 'VORTEX-ELITE' pet evolution! Combine 25 'Shadowstorm' Pets to create a 'VORTEX-ELITE'! - NEW Shurikens! - Pet evolutions need less Pets to evolve!

 Islands  Islands Base Island/Valley • Enchanted Island • Astral Island • Mystical Island • Space Island • Tundra Island • Eternal Island • Sandstorm Island • Thunderstorm Island • Ancient Inferno Island • Midnight Shadow Island • Mythical Souls Island • Winter Wonder Island • Golden Master Island • Dragon Legend Island • Cybernetic Legends Island • Skystorm Ultraus Island • Chaos Legends Island • Soul Fusion Island • Dark Elements Island • Inner Peace Island • Blazing Vortex Island  Special Islands Altar of Elements • Pet Cloning Altar • Training Areas • Infinity Stats Dojo • Samurai Santa Boss • Ancient Magma Boss • Eternal Boss   Shop Items  Shop Swords • Belts • Ranks  Skill Shop Shurikens • Skills  


Elements


Elements are in-game perks that players can obtain by entering the Altar of Elements. There are currently five waves and 9 elements, which require different ranks to master. Mastering an element will reset players back to Rookie, however, players will keep their Pets, Chi, Shurikens, Karma, and Souls and will permanently keep the perks, meaning all element buffs stack and players can have multiple elements. However, having elements are not mandatory if players don't want to restart from Rookie.


For more information visit this link: Category:Elements. It is a higher informative page about elements, but you can still stay on this page if you would like.



  
x2 All Rank Multipliers

  
10% Cheaper Swords

  
10x Global Multiplier



  
10% Cheaper Ranks

  
+1 Pet Slot

  
25% Faster Chests

  
5x Global Multiplier



  
All hatched pets start at 'Immortal' Evolution

  
25% Cheaper Cloning

  
5x Global Multiplier



  
Swing swords 25% faster

  
Hatch 2 of every pet (Stacks with x3 Pet Clones Gamepass)



  
x5 global multiplier

  
+1 pet slot

  
+15 pet storage space

  
10% cheaper ranks



  
x10 Global Multiplier

  
4x All Rank Multipliers

  
10% Cheaper Swords



  
x2 sell area coins (Stacks)

  
x2 Ninjitsu training (Stacks)



  
+1 Pet Slot

  
x5 Global Multiplier

  
x2 All Pet Multipliers



  
+25 Pet Storage Spaces

  
x10 Global Multiplier

  
15% Cheaper Ranks

  
25% Faster Chests

