Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=816597



Bee Swarm Simulator Codes – Free buffs, honey, & boosts (April 2023)


Ever wanted to live a life helping animals? Well, Roblox Bee Swarm Simulator is for you! Play as a human working with bees in harmony, working together to collect pollen from nearby flowers, and making lots of honey. Use this honey to buy better items to make even more honey.


To add extra strength to your little bee friends, check out the codes list to get buffs that will help you collect pollen faster than ever. These buffs can increase the amount of pollen collected from specific fields, so a Clover Field boost will increase pollen collected in clover fields. You'll also gain goodies in items like Tropical Drinks or Jelly Beans that you can use to get boosts to a range of things!


If you're new to Bee Swarm, Simulator, check out these guides to give you a helping head start, how to get honey fast, how to get the translator, how to get honey tokens, and how to get gifted bees.


Bee Swarm Simulator Codes List


Updated April 4, 2023
 
Removed code from working list.
 


Bee Swarm Simulator Codes (Available)


Here's a look at a list of all the currently available Bee Swarm Simulator codes:



  
5Years—Redeem for the Honeyday Event, Super Smoothie Buff, Wealth Clock x5, and 5 Tickets, Neonberries, Micro-Converters, Smooth Dice, and Marshmallow Bees (New)

  
DemiDecade—Redeem for multiple Boosts and Buffs

  
DarzethDoodads—Redeem for 1 Marshmallow Bee, 1 Tropical Drink, 1 Jelly Beans, 1 Stinger, 3 Tickets, 1 Red Balloon, 30 min Clover Field Code Buff, and 30 min Coconut Field Code Buff

  
ThnxCyasToyBox—Redeem for 1 Marshmallow Bee, 1 Smooth Dice,1 Jelly Beans, 1 Micro-Converter, 1 Cloud Vial, 1 Whirligig, 10 Honeysuckles, 1 Pink Balloon, 3 Pumpkin Patch Boost, Pumpkin Patch Code Buff

  
walmarttoys—Redeem for 1 Marshmallow Bee, 1 Field Dice, 3 Micro-Converters, Pineapple Patch Boost, Pineapple Patch Winds, Super Smoothie, and Wealth Clock

  
FourYearFiesta—Redeem for an Atomic Treat, Marshmallow Bee, Loaded Dice, Pink Balloon, White Balloon, Hard Wax, Topical Drink, Neonberry, four Micro-converters, four Tickets, four Honsuckles, four Strawberries, four Blueberries, four Pineapples, four Sunflower Seeds, four Bitterberries, four Moon Charms, 5x Wealth Clock, 4x Cactus Field Boost, 4x Sunflower Field Boost, 15x Cactus Field Winds, 15x Sunflower Field Winds, Super Smoothie, 10x Haste, 10x Red Boost, 10x White Boost, 10x Blue Boost, and 10x Precision.

  
500mil—Redeem for Science Bear Morph, 2 Stump Field Boost, 1 Hour Conversion Boost, 5 Wealth Clock, 5 Gumdrops, 5 Field Dice, 3 Bamboo Field Boost

  
PlushFriday—Redeem for many rewards

  
Roof—5 Tickets

  
38217—5 Tickets

  
Cubly—+1 Bumble Bee Jelly, +10 Bitterberries, +1 Micro-Converter, Capacity Code

  
Marshmallow - 1h Conversion Boost, Marshmallow Bee

  
SecretProfileCode - Ant Pass, Shocked Bee Jelly, Oil, Glue Buff, Enzymes Buff

  
Sure - Dandelion Field Boost (x3), 30m Conversion Boost, 2,500 Honey

  
Teespring - Bamboo Field Boost (x3), Bamboo Field Winds (x3), Marshmallow Bee

  
Wax - 5x Tickets, 5,000 Honey

  
Wink - Dandelion Field Boost (×7), 5x Tickets, 5,000 Honey, Haste+, Black Bear Morph

  
Buzz - 5,000 Honey

  
Nectar - 5,000 Honey

  
Bopmaster - 5 Tickets

  
Cog - 5 Tickets

  
Connoisseur - 5 Tickets

  
Crawlers - 5 Tickets

  
CarmensAnDiego - Redeem code for free stuff! (Ready Player Two Code)

  
Luther - Redeem code for free stuff! (Ready Player Two Code)

  
Dysentery - Redeem code for free stuff! (Ready Player Two Code)

  
Jumpstart - Redeem code for free stuff! (Ready Player Two Code)

  
Troggles - Redeem code for free stuff! (Ready Player Two Code)

  
10mMembers - Redeem for many free items [must join group]

  
Banned - Redeem code for Stubborn Bee Jelly and Buff!

  
1MLikes - Redeem code for free stuff! [must join group]

  
WordFactory - Redeem code for free stuff! (Ready Player Two Code)

  
Millie - Redeem code for free stuff! (Ready Player Two Code)

  
Troggles - Redeem code for free stuff! (Ready Player Two Code)

  
BeesBuzz123 - 1x Cloud Vial, 5x Gumdrops, 3x Jelly Beans

  
ClubBean - Magic Bean, Pineapple Patch Boost (x2) [must me in Bee Swarm Simulator Club] [must join group]

  
ClubConverters - 10x Micro-Converters [must be in club] [must join group]

  
GumdropsForScience - 15x Gumdrops




Bee Swarm Simulator Codes (Expired)


These Bee Swarm Simulator codes are expired:



  
PeppermintReboot—Redeem for 5x Wealth Clock, 5x Robo Party Blessing, 10x Festive Nymph Blessing, 60 minutes Conversation Boost, 3x Spider Field Boost, 3x Strawberry Field Boost, 3x Bamboo Field Boost, 10 Spider Field Winds, 10x Strawberry Field Winds, and 10x Bamboo Field Winds

  
BFCM2022—Redeem for 1 Jellybean and a Clover Field Buff

  
2Billion—Redeem for 2 Blueberries, Honeyday Event, 1 Ticket Planter, 1 Marshmallow Bee, Rose Field Code Buff, Pine Tree Forest Code Buff, Cactus Field Code Buff, Pumpkin Patch Code Buff, 15 Rose Field Winds, 15 Pine Tree Forest Winds, 15 Cactus Field Winds, 15 Pumpkin Patch Winds (Must be a member of Bee Swarm Simulator Group)

  
frozenbugreboot—Redeem for 5 Wealth Clock Boosts, 1 Loaded Dice, 4 Pepper Patch Boosts, 4 Stump Field Boosts, 4 Mountain Top Field Boosts, 4 Coconut Field Boosts, and 4 Clover Field Boosts.

  
5MFavorites—Redeem for two days of Double Pollen. (Must be a member of Bee Swarm Simulator Club)

  
Mocito100T—Stingers, Gumdrops, Coconuts, Inspire, Coconut Field Boost, Coconut Field Capacity

  
RedMarket—Pepper Patch Boost, Pepper Patch Capacity, Pepper Patch Market Boost

  
MondoOutage - Redeem for many rewards

  
Discord100k - Marshmallow Bee Buff, Rose Field Boost (x3), Pine Tree Forest Boost (x3): +300% Pine Tree Forest Pollen, Spider Field Boost (x3), 3x Jelly Beans, 3x Gumdrops, 3x Moon Charm, 3x Tickets

  
RebootFriday - Redeem for many rewards

  
3YearParty - Redeem code for lots of free stuff!

  
WintersEnd - Redeem code for free stuff! [must join group]

  
BigBag - Increases Bag Capacity temporarily.

  
RebootXmas

  
Buoyant - +15 Blueberries, Blue Extract, Capacity Code, Blue Flower Field Boost, Blue Flower Field Capacity, Blue Flower Field Market Boost

  
BlackFriday - Redeem code for free stuff!

  
5mMembers - +5 Bitterberries, +5 Strawberries, +5 Blueberries, +5 Sunflower Seeds, +5 Pineapples, +5 Moon Charms, Rose Field Boost, Rose Field Capacity, Pine Tree Forest Boost, Pine Tree Forest Capacity, Science Bear Morph, Conversion Boost

  
RebootPC - Redeem code for free stuff!

  
BillionVisits - 1 Atomic Treat, 10 Micro-Converters, Mountain Top Field Winds, Sunflower Field Winds, Honeday Event

  
Gumaden10T - Pepper Patch Boost (x1), Pepper Patch Winds (x3), Coconut Field Boost (x1), Coconut Field Winds (x3), Blue Flower Field Boost (x2), Blue Flower Field Winds (x3), 1x Cloud Vial, 15x Pineapple

  
SpaceReboot - 10 Moon Charms, 5 Micro-Converters, Wealth Clock, Mountain Top Field Boost & Capacity, Dandelion Field Boost & Capacity

  
FuzzyFarewell - +3 Micro-Converters, +15 Pineapples, Sunflower Field Boost, Sunflower Field Capacity, Capacity Code

  
BlackBearMythic - Cactus Field Boost & Capacity, Clove Field Boost & Capacity, Capacity Code, Wealth Clock, & Black Bear Morph

  
Strawbeary - +1 Rad Bee Jelly, +10 Strawberries, Strawberry Field Boost, Strawberry Field Capacity, Mother Bear Morph

  
PineappleParty - +15 Pineapples, +1 Tropical Drink, Capacity Code, Pineapple Patch Boost, Pineapple Patch Capacity, Pineapple Patch Market Boost, Marshmallow Bee

  
FuzzyReboot - Spider Field Boost, Spider Field Winds, Spider Field Capacity, Capacity Code, Wealth Clock

  
Tornado - 1x Cloud Vial, 3x Jelly Beans, 1x Royal Jelly

  
Valentine - +25 Strawberries, Activates Baby Love and Red Extract Buffs, Rose Field Boost, Rose Field Capacity

  
ClubCloud - 1x Cloud Vial, 1x Jelly Beans, 1x Field Dice, 1x Micro-Converter

  
FestiveFrogs - 1x Box-o-Frogs, Bamboo Field Boost (x3), Bamboo Field Winds (x3)

  
JollyJelly - 1x Royal Jelly, 1x Jelly Beans, 1x Micro-Converter, Strawberry Field Boost (x3), Strawberry Field Winds (x3)

  
Leftovers - Pumpkin Patch Boost (x3), Pumpkin Patch Winds (x3), 10x Strawberries, 10x Blueberries, 10x Pineapples, 10x Gumdrops, 1 Jelly Bean

  
Market - +10 Bitterberries, Pollen Boost, Pineapple Patch Market Boost, Sunflower Field Market Boost

  
WikiHonor - Strawberry Field Boost (x3), 10x Gumdrops, 10x Pineapple, 1x Royal Jelly, 1x Stinger, 5x Inspire

  
WikiAwardClock - 5x Wealth Clock

  
4MilMembers - Clover Field Boost (x1), Clover Field Winds (x4), 4x Field Dice, 1x Royal Jelly, 4x Micro-Converter, Mother Bear Morph




How to redeem Bee Swarm Simulator codes


It's pretty simple to redeem codes in Bee Swarm Simulator.


Look to the menu on the top left of the screen and find the gear icon. Click on that, and the settings window will open up. At the top is where you can input our codes.


Copy and paste from our codes list above it into the 'Enter Code' field and click redeem. If it worked at the bottom right of the screen, a green highlighted list will appear of all the goodies you have received.


Note: All the Field Boosts and Winds buffs can last for up to 30 minutes. It's best to use these codes one at a time and utilize the bonus from that particular field type! Don't use them all at once, because you'll be wasting a lot of the buffs


How can you get more Bee Swarm Simulator codes?


The best way to get more codes is to follow the developer of Bee Swarm Simulator on Twitter @OnettDev, or you can join the official Bee Swarm Simulator Discord. You should also join the Bee Swarm Simulator Club.


Why aren't my Bee Swarm Simulatorcodes working?


Some of these codes require that you be in the Bee Swarm Simulator Club to redeem them. If a few of the codes don't work, this may be the case that you're not part of the club. If you are and they don't work, they are probably expired. Please let us know if a code no longer works so we can move it to the expired section.


Another reason why the code may not work is that it has been typed or copied incorrectly. Make sure all letters are highlighted if copied and that you have typed it out exactly like it is above, with capitalization and all. If not, the code will not work.


What is Bee Swarm Simulator?


Bee Swarm Simulator is a game where you control a swarm of bees with the main goal of making as much honey as possible by completing quests, hatching eggs, and more. To make honey, you need to collect pollen from flowers nearby, return to your hive, and start creating this honey. With this honey, you can then spend it at the nearby shop to buy better equipment to make honey faster!


Though it's not that simple, other insects will attack you, and if you die, you'll respawn, but all of your collected pollen will be gone. Your bee swarm will protect you, but you'll need to hatch and transform all kinds of bees with different strengths and abilities to protect you and your hive. Grow your hive and make your way to the top of the mountain to become the ultimate bee!


If you're looking for codes for other games, we have a ton of them in our Roblox Game Codes post! You can also get a bunch of free stuff via our Roblox Promo Codes page.


Easter Eggs


Throughout the map, plenty of Easter Eggs can be found. Some of them have been removed, while some still exist.


Contents


Codes 


Codes or hints for codes have been scattered across the map. They are written in white and are usually in peculiar places. The codes and their hiding places are:


Cog, found at the top of Noob Shop (It was moved when the Star Hall was added in the 7/11/2018 update).


38217, found on the Onett statue's backpack. The statue is the one on top of the 6th hive. (The interactive NPC Onett has a different number on his backpack, which isn't a code.)


Tutorial Decals (Removed)


The Help Textures outside the map


When starting the game or throughout, there is a help section which can be accessed by pressing the little red ? on the far right side. The textures used for the screenshots were able to be found underneath the map, by the side.


Puppy Bee with Reindeer Antlers and Festive Bee with Festive Wreath (Level 2)


Puppy Bee with Reindeer Antlers


The Puppy Bee with the Reindeer Antlers statue doesn't actually have the Antlers, but it's still called 'Puppy Bee with Reindeer Antlers' because of its nose. The Festive Bee with the Festive Wreath was added when Part 2 of Beesmas 2020 came, and was right next to Puppy Bee with Reindeer Antlers.


The Puppy Bee with Reindeer Antlers and Festive Bee with Festive Wreath can be found behind the wall of the Blue HQ outside the map.



  
Using a Red Cannon in combination with the parachute/glider to glide towards here.

  
Jump from a far distance towards here.




Festive Bee right next to Puppy Bee


Onett Statue


The statue is one of the easiest easter eggs to find and can be found on the top of the rightmost hive (6th hive). Behind him, there is a Royal Jelly. On his backpack you can see the number 38217, which is actually a code that will give you 5 tickets. You can get to him using a few methods.



  
Using the Yellow Cannon, Red Cannon, or Blue Cannon (only glider) in combination with the parachute/glider to glide to the top of the hive.

  
On very rare occasions the statue will fall to the ground, and actually could be found inside the honeycombs within the rightmost hive. Rarely, he can be found behind the 5-Bee Gate.

  
You can jump on the Puppy Bee's tail on the Ticket Tent or the Gifted Photon Bee on the ticket tent and jump on top of the hive if you have enough jump power or speed.

  
You can jump in the Gummy Bee in Gummy Bee Egg Claim, and use the Glider to get on the hives.

  
Use glider and jump from coconut field




Unlike the Onett found in the Bear Gate, he cannot be interacted with.


Dancing Bear / Shadow Bear


There is a dancing bear (also known as Shadow Bear) found under the platform Onett (NPC) is located on. He looks the same as Tunnel Bear, but he will not kill upon contact and is much bigger. In front of him is a Diamond Egg token you can collect, however, if the player touches the ground for long enough, the player will die. If you have enough speed, you can run across the floor without dying. This makes getting the Diamond Egg a challenge.


If you have enough ping, you can hold jump, because the floor only kills after a set amount of time, which is increased by ping.


Hallway behind Badge Bearer's Guild


The hallway seen from the outside.


There is a hallway behind the Ace Shop that is inaccessible without glitching/cheating, but can be seen inside using ROBLOX's Shift Lock feature. It leads to an entrance to the area (see Honey Void) under the game. It can also be seen by looking at the ceiling of the area. In the test realm, this path was open. This area was blocked off by a transparent wall in the main game, but the hole can still be seen using shift lock.


Honey Void


Out of bounds past the Red HQ, towards a large green wedge outside the map, there is a hole. Upon entering the hole, there is a large expanse of flat land. This area has its own music, known as Hibernation1, which is also the basic music at Baseplate on Roblox Studio.


Strange Drawing


Inside the Honey Void, there is a drawing of the game. It sits roughly in the middle of this area. It is completely two dimensional; therefore, it can only be viewed from the front. It depicts a bear, Windy Bee, Vicious Bee, Coconut Crab, Onett, Basic Bee, King Beetle and Stick Bug.


Vector Bee and Tadpole Bee Statues (Level 2)


In the same area as the drawing, there are two bee models of a Tadpole Bee and a Vector Bee. They cannot be interacted with.


The Tadpole and Vector Bee statues.


Windy Bee and Vicious Bee Statues (Level 2)


If you go out of bounds to the right of the map, you will see a Vicious Bee and Windy Bee statue that are level 2. They cannot be interacted with.


The Vicious and Windy Bee statues.


Tabby Bee Block (Removed)


During the Tabby Bee Update (5/12/2018), there had been sightings of a block with a Tabby Bee image on it outside of the map. It was there along with the Tabby Bee itself to hint players of the code "Meow" (expired) which gave 5 Tickets.


Invisible Platform (Removed)


There was an invisible platform in the air, above and just in front of the middle hive. To find it, you could use a cannon and the glider to approach the middle hive, and close the glider when you were right over the hive's white platform. This is no longer possible because there are now 6 hives.


A player standing on the invisible platform.


Mysterious Figure (Removed)


The Mysterious Figure, also known as Eggwick from the Egg Hunt 2019 event, was in the Blue Maze to the right of the Festive Bee on the Ticket Tent. After the Egg Hunt 2019 event ended, the statue was removed. Along with the maze, there was 1 Plastic Egg (now a ticket token) and 1 Jelly Bean. He is the second statue in the game, the first being the Onett statue. The figure has been replaced by a Star Jelly token.


+5 pollen text


This Easter Egg is located outside the map next to the Stump Field. Behind it, there is a text decal written "+5".


Red HQ Room (Removed)


This room was hidden behind a wall in the Red HQ. When it was first added, the room had an unusable Red Extract dispenser. It was later removed and the room had a slight change in the 12/26/2021 update.


The Red Room from the outside.


Inside the Red Room & entrance to the Red Room.


Roblox Bee Swarm Simulator codes April 2023 – How to get free Honey, Beans & Bees


Players can obtain a lot of useful items in Bee Swarm Simulator by using codes, including Bees, Beans, free Honey, and Tickets. Here are all the available codes you can claim in the game for April 2023.


Using codes in Roblox Bee Swarm Simulator can help make your experience in the game a lot easier. As you work to take your humble beginnings of hatching bees all the way to a professional honey-making empire, codes can give you a much-needed head start.


The colorful and vibrant Bee Swarm Simulator is one of Roblox’s most successful titles yet, having collected a dedicated fanbase, and racking up over five million favorites over the last three years.


Here are all the available codes you can claim for April 2023.


There are plenty of unique Roblox games out there that all have their own codes to claim. If you’re looking for another relaxing game redeeming Pet Simulator X codes is a great option, or if you want something more action-packed, check out our Muscle Legends codes , Anime Fighters Simulator codes , and Shindo Life codes pages.


Updated April 3, 2023, to confirm code validity. No new codes have been released.


Contents


Roblox Corporation / Onett You can do lots of fun tasks in Bee Swarm Simulator, including collecting lots of honey!


Roblox Bee Swarm Simulator codes (April 2023)


These are all the currently active codes in Roblox Bee Swarm Simulator for April 2023. These have been tested in-game, and are currently active as of April 3, 2023.


Some of these codes require you to join the game’s official group, so make sure to do that to ensure you can claim them all easily:


Subscribe to our newsletter for the latest updates on Esports, Gaming and more.

  Code Reward  5Years  x1 Super Smoothie Buff / x5 Wealth Clock / x5 Tickets / x5 Neonberries / x5 Micro-Converters / x5 Smooth Dice / x5 Marshmellow Bees  DemiDecade  Boosts & Rewards  DarzethDoodads x1 Marshmallow Bee/ x1 Tropical Drink / x1 Jelly Beans / x1 Stinger / x3 Tickets / x1 Red Balloon / Clover Field Code Buff / Coconut Field Code Buff  FourYearFiesta x1 Atomic Treat / 1x Marshmallow Bee / 1x Loaded Dice / 1x Pink Balloon / 1x White Balloon / 1x Hard Wax / 1x Tropical Drink / 1x Neonberry / 4x Micro-Converters / 4x Tickets / 4x Honeysuckles / 4x Strawberries / 4x Blueberries / 4x Pineapples / 4x Sunflower Seeds / 4x Bitterberries / 4x Moon Charms / x5 Wealth Clock / 4x Cactus Field Boost / 4x Sunflower Field Boost / 15x Cactus Field Winds / 15x Sunflower Field Winds / Super Smoothie / 10x Haste / 10 Red Boost / 10x White Boost / 10x Blue Boost / 10x Precision  Thnxcyastoybox x1 Marshmallow Bee / x1 Smooth Dice / x1 Jelly Beans / x1 Micro-Converter / x1 Cloud Vial / x1 Whirligig / x10 Honeysuckles / x1 Pink Balloon / x3 Pumpkin Patch Boost / Pumpkin Patch Code Buff  WalmartToys Marshmallow Bee / Pineapple Patch boost  500mil x5 Field Dice /x5 Gumdrops / x5 Wealth Clock / One-Hour Conversion Boost / x2 Stump Field Boost / x3 Bamboo Field Boost / Science Bear Morph  1MLikes Super Smoothie Buff / x1 Unlimited Gumdrops Buff / Mother Bear Morph / x1 Blue Boost / x1 Red Boost / x1 White Boost / Baby Love Buff / Melody Buff / x1 Mountain Top Field Boost / x1 Clover Field Boost / x1 Blue Flower Field Boost / Sunflower Field Boost x1 / Mushroom Field Boost x1 / Spider Field Boost x1 / Strawberry Field Boost x1 / Bamboo Field Boost x1 / Pineapple Patch Boost x1 / One-Hour Capacity Code Buff / Wealth Clock Buff x1 / Ticket x1 / Treat x1 / Bitterberry x1 / Sunflower Seed x1 / Strawberry x1 / Blueberry x1 / Pineapple x1 / Moon Charm x1 / Cloud Vial x1 / Ant Pass x1 / Field Dice x1 / Micro-Converter x1 / Coconut x1 / Stinger x1 / Gumdrops x1 / 1 Honey  10mMembers Black Bear Morph / Blue Boost x10 / Blueberry x10 / Conversion Boost / Gumdrops x10 / Haste x10 Focus x10 / Moon Charm x10 / Neonberry x10 / Pepper Patch Code Buff / Pineapple Patch Code Buff / Pineapple x10 / Red Boost x10 / Strawberry x10 / Stump Field Code Buff / Sunflower Seed x10 / White Boost x10  Banned Stubborn Bee Jelly and Spider Field buff  BeesBuzz123  Bitterberry x5 / Cloud Vial x1 / Gumdrops x5  CarmenSanDiego Ready Player Two free items  ClubBean  Magic Bean / Pineapple Patch Boost x2  ClubConverters  10x Micro-Converters  Cubly  Bitterberries / Bumble Bee Jelly / Capacity Code / Micro-Converter  Dysentery Ready Player Two free items  GumdropsForScience  15x Gumdrops  Jumpstart Ready Player Two free items  Luther Ready Player Two free items  Millie Ready Player Two free items  PlushFriday 1h Conversion Boost / Dandelion Field Code Buff / Marshmallow Bee x1 / Micro-Converter x1 / Neonberry x1 / Pine Tree Forest Code Buff / Rose / Field Code Buff / Super Smoothie Buff  Troggles Ready Player Two free items  WordFactory Ready Player Two free items   

How to redeem Bee Swarm Simulator codes in Roblox


Redeeming codes in Bee Swarm Simulator is incredibly easy to do, and it only takes a couple of steps:



  
Head over to the official Bee Swarm and click the large green button to launch the game.

  
Once in the game, at the top left of the screen, you’ll see a Cog icon – click that.

  
This will open up the ‘System‘ menu. From here, you’ll see ‘Promo Codes‘ right at the top left of the window that appears.

  
In the box below, enter the code and select ‘Redeem‘.

  
If the code was successful, you’ll see the items you were rewarded with displayed at the bottom-right of your screen.




Full list of expired codes


Below is a list of all the currently expired Bee Swarm Simulator codes in the game, along with the rewards they previously redeemed:

  Code Reward  2Billion  x2 Blueberries / x1 Ticket Planner / 1x Marshmallow Bee / Rose Field buff / Pine Tree buff / Cactus Field buff / Pumpkin Patch buff / x15 Rose Field winds / x15 Pine Tree Forest winds / x15 Cactus Field winds / x15 Pumpkin Patch winds / x15 Rose Field winds  BFCM2022 1x Jellybean / 1x Clover Field buff  FrozenBugReboot  x5 Wealth Clock / x1 Loaded Dice / x4 Pepper Patch / x4 Stump Field / x4 Mountain Top Field / x4 Coconut Field / x4 Clover Field  5MFavorites 2 days of 2x Pollen (official group members only)  MondoOutage  Micro-Convertor x3 / Moon Charm x10 / Neonberry x1 / Marshmallow Bee x1 / Mountain Top Field Code Buff / Purple Potion Buff  Discord100k  Marshmallow Bee Buff / 3x Rose Field Boost / x3 Pine Tree Forest Boost / +300% Pine Tree Forest Pollen / Spider Field Boost x3 / 3x Jelly Beans / 3x Gumdrops / 3x Moon Charm / 3x Tickets  38217  Ticket x5  Bopmaster  Ticket x5  Buzz  5,000 Honey  Change Royal Jelly x1  Cog  Ticket x5  Connoisseur  Ticket x5  ClubJellies  Royal Jelly x3  Crawlers  Ticket x5  DontUseThisJelly  Basic Bee Jelly x1  Marshmallow  Marshmallow Bee / One-Hour Conversion Boost  Meow  Ticket x5  Nectar  5,000 Honey  OnettJelly Exhausted Bee Jelly x1  RoofX  Ticket x5  SecretProfileCode  Ant Pass / Shocked Bee Jelly / Oil Buff / Glue Buff / Enzymes Buff  Soup  5,000 Honey / Royal Jelly x1 / Ticket x10  Starch 300 Gumdrops  Sure  30-minute Conversion Boost / Dandelion Field Boost ×3 / 2,500 Honey  TeeSpring  Bamboo Field Boost x3 / Bamboo Field Winds x3 / Marshmallow Bee x1  Wax  Ticket x5 / 5,000 Honey  Wink  Tickets x5 / 5,000 Honey / Black Bear Morph / Dandelion Field Boost x7   

What are Bee Swarm Simulator codes used for in Roblox?


Redeeming these codes in-game are incredibly useful, allowing you to quickly level up and improve your character, mitigating gameplay you don’t have the time to do. You can collect Honey, earn Tickets, and other helpful boosts, so you’ll be able to ensure that you make the most of your play session.


As new codes are made available, we’ll be sure to update you right here – so make sure to check back for weekly updates!


Where can I get more Bee Swarm codes?


There are a few ways for players to find even more Bee Swarm codes. Joining the official Discord server and following the game’s developer on Twitter are the most effective ways to keep up with everything happening in the game. Joining the official Bee Swarm Simulator Club is another way to get some freebies and redeem member-only codes.


So, there you have it – everything you need to know about codes for Bee Swarm Simulator in Roblox for April 2023.


For more Roblox tips and tricks, make sure to check out our guides:
