Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=5558710



Word Champ - Word Puzzle Game


- Решено более 1 миллиона словесных головоломок.
- Ежедневные словесные задачи и головоломки.
- Скрытые слова и неожиданные подарки в каждой головоломке Word Games.
- Красивые темы и анимации для игры в слова.
- "Слово дня" каждый день, чтобы добавить новые слова в свой словарный запас.
- Вращайте колесо, чтобы заработать бесплатные монеты.
- Ежедневные бонусы для решения игр в слова.


Возможности игры в слова:
★ Современный пользовательский интерфейс, простые и веселые игры в слова!
★ Красочные темы для головоломок.
★ Бесплатные оффлайн игры в слова.
★ Ежедневные бонусные монеты и подарки-сюрпризы.
★ Бесплатные 200 монет, чтобы начать игру-головоломку.
★ Никогда не заканчиваются монеты. Каждая решенная головоломка - это полезный опыт.
★ Найдите дополнительные скрытые слова, чтобы заработать больше монет.
★ 15+ уникальных уровней слов и заработать значки слов.
★ Решайте сложные уровни словесных головоломок и зарабатывайте еще больше монет.
★ Повышение уровня сложности с каждым поиском игры в слова и головоломки.
★ Игры со специальными словами имеют особые награды.
★ Spin-Wheel, чтобы заработать больше монет бесплатно!.


Play Word Chums Online in Browser


Word Chums is a word game developed by PeopleFun and now.gg allows playing game online in your browser. There are many more interesting online games that you can explore here.


Word Chums is a word game developed by PeopleFun. Like the challenge of making words out of letters? Word Chums is a fun Scrabble-style word game with some unique features. Players are given a set of letters to place on the game board. Every word they play earns them points, and there are bonuses for playing on a bonus spot or using difficult letters like Q and X.


Chums are one of the game’s most distinctive features. Each player gets to design their own Chum to represent them. Players can purchase items to decorate their characters and unique backgrounds for their Chum as they level up and earn coins. Players are presented with a blank board and a set of vowels and consonants.


Blank tiles are unrestricted and can be used to represent any letter. Players then take turns putting words on the board. Get started and play Word Chums online from a PC or mobile web browser. Tap on the play button to open the game, no need to download it anymore. Start playing games online for free only on now.gg.


Long downloads and annoying updates are over. Without downloading or installing the game, you can play your favorite Word Chums in the cloud on your PC or mobile device. Instantly transform your old phone, PC, or any other device into a powerful gaming machine.


Quickly share the game’s link on social media to introduce your friends to a new way of playing games. Have you signed in to a new device? Don’t be concerned. You can resume a game on another screen now.gg mobile cloud without losing your progress. So jump into Word Chums and start playing.


Only on now.gg, click the ‘play in browser’ button to get started.


Flex the muscles of your brain and show your vocabulary prowess. These games are all about that letter.
