Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=2319161



WWE Immortals for PC


Free download WWE Immortals for PC Windows or MAC from BrowserCam. Warner Bros. International Enterprises published WWE Immortals for Android operating system(os) mobile devices. However, if you ever wanted to run WWE Immortals on Windows PC or MAC you can do so using an Android emulator. At the end of this article, you will find our how-to steps which you can follow to install and run WWE Immortals on PC or MAC.


Imagine a world where all your favorite WWE heroes have entered the realm of the supernatural and are engaging in epic battles. Brat Wyatt’s Dark Lantern has been stolen by the Authorities who accidentally unleash its powers on the world. All the WWE players, be it John Cena, or The Undertaker, have been turned into bizarre beings. This baffling yet amazing story is the plot for WWE Immortals, a game published by Warner Bros. International Enterprises.


This is an action game where the players can choose which WWE characters they want as their representative for the battles. At the beginning of the game, a tutorial teaches you how to play. You have to defeat your opponent with touch-based combat mechanics. Tap and swipe on the screen to attack using different combos. By using combinations, you can accumulate more power which you can use for special attacks. Each fight has three members from each side.


The Rooster


The Rooster is where all the Character cards you own are present. You can collect the immortal version of your favorite WWE players. Individual Superstars have unique powers and moves that can be upgraded. You have to use signature moves, support cards, and gears to Supercharge the character and make them reach their full potential. Doing this gives them devastating powers that can help defeat powerful opponents. And this Rooster is not limited, there are numerous characters to obtain.


Multiplayer


WWE Immortals can be played alone or with other players. You can battle solo against A.I., where there are progressing levels of difficulty. On the other hand, you can go multiplayer and play with other gamers online from across the world in three types of live matches; Single, Show, and Main Event. This second mode has its own set of rewards like Immortal Credits and Gear cards. Battle Points awarded in this mode increase your rank.


An Amazing Experience


This game is created by the same people who brought you Injustice and Mortal Kombat, and they know how to keep the players entertained. Not only is the game easy it is also engaging to play. The graphics of this game are on the next level of 3D. The plot of the game itself makes it feel like you are in another world.


Let's find out the prerequisites to install WWE Immortals on Windows PC or MAC without much delay.


Select an Android emulator: There are many free and paid Android emulators available for PC and MAC, few of the popular ones are Bluestacks, Andy OS, Nox, MeMu and there are more you can find from Google.


Compatibility: Before downloading them take a look at the minimum system requirements to install the emulator on your PC.


For example, BlueStacks requires OS: Windows 10, Windows 8.1, Windows 8, Windows 7, Windows Vista SP2, Windows XP SP3 (32-bit only), Mac OS Sierra(10.12), High Sierra (10.13) and Mojave(10.14), 2-4GB of RAM, 4GB of disk space for storing Android apps/games, updated graphics drivers.


Finally, download and install the emulator which will work well with your PC's hardware/software.


How to Download and Install WWE Immortals for PC or MAC:



  
Open the emulator software from the start menu or desktop shortcut on your PC.

  
You will be asked to login into your Google account to be able to install apps from Google Play.

  
Once you are logged in, you will be able to search for WWE Immortals, and clicking on the ‘Install’ button should install the app inside the emulator.

  
In case WWE Immortals is not found in Google Play, you can download WWE Immortals APK file from this page, and double-clicking on the APK should open the emulator to install the app automatically.

  
You will see the WWE Immortals icon inside the emulator, double-clicking on it should run WWE Immortals on PC or MAC with a big screen.




Follow the above steps regardless of which emulator you have installed.


WWE Immortals


I still very distinctly remember that length of time in my childhood sitting on the front porch armed with an old-fashioned PSP and just got lost in the fierce brawls in the ring of WWE. And the co-op battles between me and my brother were fond memories I still treasured to this day. In short, I might be very biased with this series for the personal value. But there’s one thing that I cannot deny – and many others, that this new installation on mobile of this legendary series: WWE Immortals has outdone itself owing up to its forerunner.


But that wasn’t my first impression when I caught wind of this game coming out on mobile. In case you don’t know, this is just not ‘another’ WWE game where wrestlers knock each other up with pure muscles behind every jarring punches and kicks that has became so classic by now. Instead, WWE Immortals takes the same concept … and gave it one hell of a dose of fictional steroid. Characters – real wrestlers you would see on TV – turned into heroes and witches that would make the Avengers turn tail and rush for their money.


Yes, they now have magic. The kind that you could only find in titles such as Mortal Kombat.


… and speaking of which, did you know that this game is co-developed also by MK Studio along with WWE? That kind of explains this radical twist, and how the game is basically what would happen when you smash Mortal Kombat and the ordinary WWE SmackDown vs. RAW together.


Unlike the traditional game, this one also has a coherent story line. Which was told in the introductory cutscene the moment you entered the game as a new player. It goes by how the Authority managed to open portals to other dimensions while trying (?) to wield the power of dark magic. Which gave them access to WWE wrestlers, who, instead A-list entertainers, are witches, warriors, heroes, and barbarians. The developers really took their imaginations and put them into good use. Now you would be able to find Diva Brie Bella shooting ice out of her hands and freezing foes left and right. Or John Cena wrapped himself up in a superhero cape and took off saving the day.


You can see just why I was initially very sceptic of this concept. Aiming too high, too radical and you will face the risk of flopping straight into the ground. As you can see, this is out of precedent that would require very good execution and meticulous focus in both design and development.


Fortunately, they have managed to do just that against the odds.


If you are familiar with wrestling games, it starts pretty simple: You assemble a trio (Team of three), and you either pitch them against AI fighters, or face off against online players. The AI in this game is pretty competence. Although they were admittedly a bit dumb in the first few levels, they get smarter the more you play. Soon enough you will be struggling to dodge rapid fire of moves, then curse as every single one of your attacks are either dodged or blocked. But I really don’t mind that, after all, it’s what makes games like this so fun.


In term of development difficulty, the most difficult problem the studios have to solve would be the interface and the combat mechanics. Mobile does not leave a lot of room or flexibility for you to go in-depth into the combat like on a console’s controller, or even PC’s keyboard. You are constrained by a single patch of screen real estate that relies entirely on touch.


That’s the reason why the controls within this game is so … watered down.


Only three gestures to control your character. A basic tap to do the fundamental combat moves such as punch or kick. And press two fingers onto the screen to do a blocking motion. Once you have landed enough hit onto the enemy, the game will prompt you to swipe across the screen to execute a ‘heavy attack’. Though it doesn’t really do a lot of damage to the enemy’s health bar, it does one good which is knocking them over. Giving you the precious time to deal some extra damage.


Honestly, most of the time I didn’t even know what I was doing. Since there’s no ‘Move’ button like on console and there’s only ‘Fight’ function, you don’t really have to thought out tactics or smooth moves. Good ole’ me tapped the screen darn near to the point of cracking just to win fight after fight for the storm of punches, kicks, and special moves that my character churned out for each tap. The more you fight and land hits, the more ‘Stamina’ – represented by the stamina bar on top – build up. And once they’ve reached a certain threshold … yeah, you can guess it, you would be able to execute a special manoeuvre.


These manoeuvres are super comical, no pun intended. Triple H (or ‘Skull King’ in the game) summoned a sledgehammer out of nowhere and swat his opponent a good ten feet into the air before giving them a pound back to ground good enough that it cracked. It is with these moves that you can see the involvement of MK Studio with the game’s development. These moves, and finishing moves, almost felt like they were ripped from Mortal Kombat.


But life’s not that good. When you started the game, you only have one special move. If you want better ones that look better and deal more damage, you have to unlock them.


Either grind your life and time away or buy them through micro-transaction. You can buy cards including new characters, moves, upgrades, and equipment from this shop. Even though it is not particularly expensive on their own, they can be addicting enough that you would eventually find yourself pouring dozens into the game. But if you don’t have that kind of money to spare, it is, unfortunately, like any other mobile games else: It will take you a mighty long time to unlock truly special characters and moves. Might take hours, might take days – the time that you don’t necessarily have, or even by then, you had grown bored of the game.


Nonetheless, I don’t really have the heart to complain. This is an irrefutable reality of mobile games: There’s always going to be a shop, and you either have to pay with your time, or your money.


But overall, however, the game is not bad despite my initial suspicion. Like I said, they really have outdone themselves testing the water out with this new concept, and the inclusion of MK Studio, I think, is the reason why this game had gotten so many positive reviews and my personal thumb up. For once this series is going somewhere different, and how much more different do you want than Randy Orton shooting venom out of his mouth and choke people just with his tongue?


WWE Immortals Android


Apparently, wrestling would be more attractive if wrestlers had superpowers and WWE Immortals leaves us in no doubt. Here we have the ultimate wrestling game in which stars from all eras take each other on using supernatural powers.


It takes wrestling to another level.
 


In this wrestling game, we will be able to experience intense combats with 3v3 gameplay between the biggest WWE stars from past and present: Hulk Hogan, The Undertaker, The Rock, John Cena. The best are here with special moves and powers that will result in epic fights that are not to be missed.


Main features



  
Wrestling stars from several eras, such as the historic Triple H., John Cena, The Undertaker, The Bella Twins, The Rock, and Stone Cold, among many others.

  
Players will be able to lengthen their list of wrestlers with spectacular moves, equipment, and support cards.

  
Each wrestler has special powers and attacks and players can put together different combos with all of them.

  
Upgrade your characters to level up.

  
Stunning graphics.




However, we would recommend trying out more recent WWE games such as WWE Mayhem or WWE Undefeated ahead of this one. These days it might not work and is a bit out of step with current technology.


Requirements and additional information:


Hi, I’m Lauriane Guilloux. I grew up surrounded by gadgets and technology and everyone who knows me assumes that it will always be one of my greatest interests. I’ve evolved hand-in-hand with PCs, laptops, video gaming consoles, smartphones.
