Download Here ---> https://tinyurl.com/ycx3x5fn?id=2107189



Zombie Tsunami Mod APK 4.5.116 (All Unlocked, Unlimited Money)


Zombie Tsunami Mod is an infinite running game that allows players to transform into a zombie army running on skyscrapers in the city and attacking people. The game brings a different fun than the scary look in the original. It’s a whole new feeling when you play as the bad guy but have great power and humans can’t resist your power. Download Zombie Tsunami MOD APK version at https://modsdy.com/ to get lots of coins and diamonds. To be able to unlock eggs and upgrade player’s zombies.


Zombie Tsunami 
NameZombie Tsunami UpdatedJul 23, 2022 Compatible withAndroid 4.3+ Last version4.5.116 Size68.33 Mb MODAll Unlocked, Unlimited Money CategoryArcade DeveloperMobigame S.A.R.L, inc PriceFree Google Play Linknet.mobigame.zombietsunami&hl=vi&gl=US overview



About Zombie Tsunami


Introduction


When entering the game, players will feel that this gameplay is similar to infinite running games. With zombies with a special appearance that is not as scary as other games. In the game there are countless quests waiting for players to complete, although so choose simple tasks to get used to the gameplay. The more tasks you complete, the more coins and diamonds you will receive. There will be many dangers lurking for players because humans are also looking to fight you in your journey to destroy the city. But do not worry because in the shop there are also many support items to help players kill people more easily.


In game, the player will become a Monster in the game that is quite fat, with a bold face that brings laughter to the player. They look cute, but they have very special skills. Transform into tornadoes that sweep everything, or ufo destroy everything, ….. Humans feel terrified when faced. Many different game modes for players to choose from. Tasks are set consecutively. The journey to destroy humans takes place in infinite time. Game with the vast world, players will freely explore the landscape in all parts of the world. Control the zombie army running on the towering buildings, destroying everything. Be careful not to touch the bomb because it will injure the player’s army.


AND


The game full of diamonds and gold has a fairly simple gameplay, whereby the player only needs to make light swipes on the screen to let the zombies move and avoid obstacles. The interesting challenges in the game will make players feel comfortable and comfortable after stressful working and studying hours. A world of zombies with apocalyptic themes. Players participating in the game will play the villain or in other words transform into zombies to conquer challenges. Initially there will be only 1 zombie. On the track, there will be many obstacles that the player must overcome and eat residents on the road to increase the number of zombies.


Gameplay


With simple gameplay, suspense and fun, the game is very suitable for relaxing in your spare time. Joining the game, players must not only strive to survive, but also have to be flexible, react quickly, overcome obstacles quickly and accurately. The more inhabitants the player can eat, the more zombies will increase on your track. Besides, be very wary of bullets, bombs and planes in the sky. Just hit the zombie will die. Or like the pits in the middle of the road, if you can’t jump over the hole, the zombie will also die.
Zombies games often focus on human survival in the face of annihilation, requiring the player to run away, build a base or even find and kill all zombies. The player must learn to think like zombies (they actually don’t have the ability to think).


GRAPHICS AND SOUND


Thanks to realistic graphics and sound effects make the gaming experience realistic and addictive. Just seeing the graphics and hearing the sound makes the game players want to play for a long time.


Graphics


With vivid 3D graphic design, unique and mischievous design monster image. The cute looking zombies do not make the player feel scared. Players can see that they have a very unique appearance full of comedy. The body is small but the head is very big. They can instantly devour humans with ease. Thanks to the developer for bringing this design, it has brought entertainment moments for you after stressful and tiring studying hours.
Zombie Tsunami apkmody brings a fun zombie world. The shape of the zombie is not scary, but on the contrary, it is extremely cute. The accompanying costumes are quite unique.


Sound


Next to the graphics system is the sound. The game sounds especially the sounds when killing people are very realistic. Background music creates a relaxing space for players to feel more comfortable. Next to the graphics system is the sound. Accordingly, each operation and action of zombies when moving will be distinguished by their own sounds. For example, the sound when zombies eat gold is different from the sound of hitting a bomb. The sound when eating residential is also different. All create excitement, attracting players to each level. The sounds are extremely interesting and full of fun.


Characteristics


Zombie transformation skills


The great thing about the player’s zombie army also has the ability to transform in a short period of time, it helps the player to overcome all obstacles. There are all 10 skills including:
Giantz: Transforms into a giant monster, it destroys everything with its laser eye. Want more lasers to destroy things faster, players can upgrade them.
Gold: All turn into gold coins, this will help players gain a lot of money.
Dragon: This skill the zombie army will not be completely immortal like the above skills because when the legion turns into a dragon, it will still be destroyed by bombs, the obstruction of vehicles. Even so, the player can multiply and hold the dragon continuously in the air, overcoming obstacles on the ground.
U.F.O: Can increase the number of troops, create more zombies.
We can’t tell players all the remaining 6 features. Because I want everyone to download the game and slowly experience all the skills.


Decorate your zombies


Players can decorate their army with a lot of items as well as unique costumes. Despite carrying the role of a bad guy, our zombies are very funny and lovely. Thanks to their emoticons are also extremely cute, the funny icons give players a sense of fun and entertainment. Customize their appearance by changing their outfits such as: Hats, clothes, shoes, backpacks, skin color, etc. There are many interesting things waiting for players to discover.


Increase the number of troops


A good bait for players is when they encounter people running on the road without protection or not in traffic. The larger the player’s army, the greater the destructive power, but there is one disadvantage when the army’s number is too large, which is difficult to control.
One thing to note is that when meeting people on the road by means of transport such as cars, planes, …. Then the player should notice that on the top of that vehicle there will be an icon of the number of people in the vehicle. car. What to do right now is to see if your army has enough zombies corresponding to that level to be able to destroy the vehicle, eat humans.


Various missions


Various missions for players to explore. The difficulty of the missions is gradually increased over time. New to the game simple tasks such as: Successfully push the cars. Transform into ufo, or golden man, ….. These tasks players easily complete. Players will receive brains for the collection after completing those tasks. When collecting all the brains assigned by the system. Players will get a lot of bonuses to buy new monsters. Gradually as the level goes up. Players will face a series of extremely difficult tasks, not easy to perform. Train your reflexes with an army of zombies to overcome all obstacles.


How to spawn more zombies


Humans can hide everywhere in the game, not suddenly standing still for players to come and bite them. There are times when they can hide inside vehicles such as cars, planes, boats, …. Along with that are housing areas that can be easily destroyed. The only way to destroy the vehicles, small houses is to destroy those vehicles. To be able to destroy vehicles the player needs to have enough zombies that the vehicles require to be destroyed. If it’s not enough, then jump over, trying to push the player will get stuck and die. For those who stand alone on the road without protection, the zombies will automatically open their mouths and swallow them.


Equipment and items


In Zombie Tsunami, players need to find a way to overcome many obstacles in the game. Because of the equipment system as well as valuable items in the game. Each gift in the game gives players an extremely interesting experience. In addition, on the way there will be a lot of gold coins. The player’s task is to eat as many gold coins as possible. Gold coins can be used to buy props or items. The game offers more than 300 different levels for gamers to experience. Download the game to your computer and enjoy the most comfortable moments with this game.


Game rules


Zombie Tsunami will turn the player into a zombie, then invade towns and cities. Destroying anything seen and converting people into zombies and wiping out humanity is the player’s aim.
Players will be transformed into a zombie army attacking major cities around the world. Start the game with only one zombie, then try to eat and turn as many people into zombies as possible. Gamers can upgrade to start with two, three or up to five zombies for a better start if they have enough money to spend.
All the player has to do is control the zombies to jump to avoid obstacles or jump through the wormholes by touching anywhere on the screen. It sounds easy, but the game requires ingenuity and good reflexes of the player when designing a lot of bombs as well as wormholes to wait for you to stumble. With just one mistake, the player can directly kill the entire army of zombies he builds.


The highlights of the game Zombie Tsunami Mod diamond, gold.


Not only impressing with unique graphics, fun sounds, Zombie Tsunami Mod also brings a diverse zombie world with many new features. Joining the game, players will experience highlights such as:
Another very interesting game mode is the zombie bird mode. You can also harness the power of these birds on the track.


There are many different levels for players to experience.
Zombie Tsunami hack full all has many new feature packs, many attractive gifts for gamers.
The gameplay is extremely simple. Just use your hand, gently manipulate the screen, you can start conquering the challenges.
Zombie Tsunami is an apocalyptic themed game. The travel distance of the background zombie will also change according to many different countries and locations. This is how the manufacturer wants to increase the excitement for players.


Tips for playing


How to get more zombies


The easiest targets are the people screaming in the street. Otherwise, the player must destroy the vehicles to get more zombies. The larger the vehicle, the more zombies are required, and also “eat” the corresponding number of people. These include:
Dustbin: Need 2 zombies, player can earn a brain or gold coins.
Car (car): Need 4 zombies, player can earn 1 brain.
Bus: Need 8 zombies, players can earn 2 brains.
Tank (tank): Need 12 zombies, players can earn 3 brains.
Airplane: Need 16 zombies, players can earn 4 brains.


The MOD APK version of Zombie Tsunami


MOD Features Unlimited Money.
Unlimited diamonds.
Unlock all levels.


Why should gamers use Zombie Tsunami MOD APK version?


Of course. The goal of most players when playing Zombie Tsunami is to unlock pets and unique costumes for zombies. To do this, you have to play a lot of times, watch a lot of promotional videos and save money for a long time. MODSDY.COM will make the player’s process easier by giving lots of coins and diamonds at the beginning. Gamers will not need to do anything. Just download the MOD APK version of the game via the link below the article.


Conclusion


The game was created with the purpose of wanting to bring laughter to you while playing the game. Transform into zombies going everywhere, running on high-rise buildings destroying all objects and people. Moments of stressful work, fatigue will gradually disappear. A zombie-themed game, however, is not scary, on the contrary, it is also extremely cute. The gameplay is simple, but it requires the player’s ingenuity, agility and the ability to react quickly to obstacles. Currently, Zombie Tsunami Mod is designed for phones using both Android and iOS operating systems. Download Zombie Tsunami hack full diamond and gold to your device to experience the exciting challenges of Zombie Tsunami right now.


Zombie Tsunami Mod Apk (Hack, Unlimited Money) v


Zombie Tsunami Mod Apk (Hack, Unlimited Money, Diamonds) v 4.5.124 + Mod – Download the game for Android Original New Version + Hacked Mod (Infinite Diamonds and Money)


Zombie Tsunami Mod Apk (Hack, Unlimited Money, Diamonds) – is a fun and exciting game where zombies are rioting. In this android zombie game you have to attack the city with a group of zombies,


Game info

  APP INFO: Zombie Tsunami Mod Apk   MOD Features Unlimited Money, Diamonds  Category Mod Games  Size 72 MB  Version v 4.5.124  Requires 4.0.3 and above  Get it on Google Play   

turn pedestrians into zombies and create the biggest group. Eat your friends, challenge them in a crazy race by destroying everything in your path.


You can always download the new version of the Zombie Tsunami Mod Apk game with a direct link on the Android Pass site. The latest version of Zombie Tsunami Mod Apk game updates and updates will be available to you users immediately after the release, so that you can easily install them on your Android mobile phone and tablet.


Features of Zombie Tsunami Mod Apk Android game:


“One touch” gameplay to control the whole group 
10 cool prizes, ninjas, dragons, UFOs and many more 
Lots of upgrades to unlock 
Raise zombie birds and use their power 
More than 300 missions 
11 sets to travel in 
Optimized for all Android models 
And …


Zombie Tsunami Mod Apk New version changes


– Summer events! 
– Bug fixes and improvements 
– Optimized for larger screens 
– Blast Processing


Check out our Facebook page for more information about the new zombirds fusion: https://www.facebook.com/Mobigame-143172829084267/


Spread the word, and follow us on Facebook, Twitter, or Mobigame.net for updates.


Thank you for playing Zombie Tsunami Mod Apk


Mod Apk (Hacked) Version Required Blew: 

  Android Version Version numbers Version API level Version Release date  Ice Cream Sandwich 4.0 – 4.0.4 14 – 15 October 18, 2011  Jelly Bean 4.1 – 4.3.1 16 – 18 July 9, 2012  KitKat 4.4 – 4.4.4 19 – 20 October 31, 2013  Lollipop 5.0 – 5.1.1 21- 22 November 12, 2014  Marshmallow 6.0 – 6.0.1 23 October 5, 2015  Nougat 7.0 24 August 22, 2016  Nougat 7.1.0 – 7.1.2 25 October 4, 2016  Oreo 8.0 26 August 21, 2017  Oreo 8.1 27 December 5, 2017  Pie 9.0 28 August 6, 2018  Android 10 10.0 29 September 3, 2019  Android 11 11 30 September 8, 2020   

Zombie Tsunami Cheats – Unlimited Coins


Zombie Tsunami NO ROOT and NO JAILBREAK Hack Tool and Cheat is an application that generates unlimited Gold Coins, Cash. Zombie Tsunami Cheat works on Android, iOS, iPhone, iPad, iPod Touch etc. This Trainer is very simple to use, instructions on how to use it has been posted below. This hack tool has been created by using an exploit and do not pose a risk to your account! The tool is updated every week to ensure its working properly, and is virus free.


Welcome everyone who need cheats for Zombie Tsunami! Right here we would like to give you an access to download latest cheats – Zombie Tsunami Hack for your Android devices and also all iOS devices. Zombie Tsunami cheat can generate to your Tyrant Unleashed game unlimited Gold and unlimited Coins! If you need very detalied instruction and all features (unlimited Gold and unlimited Coins!) in you can easily find and read about Zombie Tsunami cheats below. Anyway we’d like to describe here some of the most important feaures. So Zombie Tsunami Hack has quite clear design and user friendly interface as well so it’s really cool and easy in using, we think that noone should have problems with Zombie Tsunami cheats. Also our new and secret secure script protects you everytime using Zombie Tsunami cheat. But the best in our horny opinion is that Zombie Tsunami hack has daily updates, yes, it’s being updates everyday. It will always work with your game because special group of the team is supporting exactly Zombie Tsunami cheats. It will automatically and fast connect with your all supporting devices. Zombie Tsunami cheat will work with your all iOS device (iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch and other) and doesn’t need jailbreak on to work properly. Zombie Tsunami hack also can work well when you want to use it with your Android devices. Zombie Tsunami hack tool doesn’t need root or something like that on your device and works with all Android versions. Would you like to know how to properly use Zombie Tsunami extension? Of course you would. So first please make definitely sure if you have installed Zombie Tsunami game on your iOS or Android device. Next using USB connection please plug in your device with Zombie Tsunami to your PC. If all is OK then please let’s run Zombie Tsunami hack which you have to download here from our website (check if you are at the same adress like in the left bottom corner on Zombie Tsunami hack screen or on its title) before that. Don’t worry about period of time Zombie Tsunami hack would work, you won’t need to search Zombie Tsunami hack again after few weeks, because you can get right here neverending version – only from adress you see in hack tittle on Zombie Tsunami cheats screen below.


Contact us if you would find any problems or bugs using Zombie Tsunami cheat. We will fix it and solve all your problems as soon as we can.


Don’t wait and get unlimited Gold and unlimited Coins with Zombie Tsunami cheats. All what you needto do now is download our extension (make sure that you are at proper website – check an adress on a Zombie Tsunami hack screen in the left bottom corner or in its tittle there). Become pro gamer with the best cheats! Read more about Zombie Tsunami Cheat and let’s download it below. 
Zombie Tsunami Hack Features


– Zombie Tsunami Unlimited Gold


– Zombie Tsunami Unlimited Coins


– 100% High Quality Zombie Tsunami Protection – Guard Protection Script


– Works for all iOS and Android devices


– Root or jailbreak are NOT required


– Quick and simple device connection


– Clear design and user friendly interface


NEW Download SystemThe zombies are revolting ! In Zombie Tsunami, take your place in a crowd of rampaging undead as you race through the city attacking the unfortunate survivors and adding them to your unstoppable throng of hungry, hot-footed horrors. It’s a Zombie Tsunami out there, and everyone is invited! Beginning with a single zombie running through the streets, chase down the living and add them to your chaotic procession of dashing undead. The more people you bite and add to your ranks, the longer the Zombie Tsunami can charge across the planet, eating everything in its way. But brains aren’t the only thing you can eat as the Zombie Tsunami gets into full swing. Devour the bonuses and power-ups to activate the Giant Zombie with multiple lasers shooting out of its many eyeballs, sneak around the cities as a netherworld Ninja, or clone members of your zombie hoard with the UFO. Zombie Tsunami is a fun-packed thrill-ride of destruction, excitement and tasty brains! Who can gather the biggest collection of charging zombies? Can you survive the gaping chasms, powerful bombs and stre
